 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
This analysis pertains to the Invoice Cloud Biller experience, which is primarily, but not exclusively, the Biller Portal application.
Usability |
 Currently, the prevailing theory is that the Invoice Cloud Biller experience (primarily, but not limited to, the Biller Portal application) is largely inefficient for the majority of our biller users.  This is based on Pendo analytics, anecdotal evidence from Billers via IC Support, and personal experience.  We suspect there are significant opportunities to redesign the Biller experience in a way that drastically improves user efficiency, save them time, and raises Biller NPS.  Additionally, the ramp-up time on the Biller Portal is too long, presenting an opportunity for improvement.  Lastly, we think a persona-driven experience is the preferred approach.
Functionality |
 Many of the features/functions in the Biller Portal are made available using old tools or techniques.  Reporting, for example, is lacking key features such as custom filtering, sorting (in some cases), multi-format exports, etc.  Redesigning the Biller Portal presents and opportunity to introduce more modern tools, techniques, and technology.
Aesthetics
 
|
 By most accounts, the Biller Portal styling looks dated and unattractive.  A cleaner, more simplified styling would be preferred.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
A more thorough analysis of the usability/inefficiencies of the Biller Portal is warranted for two reasons:
Establish there is, indeed, a problem that needs to be solved.
Establish “before” metrics that we can use to define and track our usability goals.
We can do this with the following efforts:
Review Pendo usage, compare to industry benchmarks, identify outliers
Interview billers about their experiences and preferences
Audience: Who are we building this for?
We need to define detailed personas for the following user groups:
Billers
 
|
 Clerk running payments, accounting doing reconciliation, managers managing access and settings, ancillary tasks such as processing OBD or troubleshooting file issues, etc.
IC Support |
 CS staff helping research for a biller, 
IC Sales |
 Reps/execs treating the biller portal as a sales tool for presentations, marketing folks for the same purpose
 Solution Alignment
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
Should be a tool for Sales to sizzle in a prospect demo
Should help us to track user/usage metrics over time
What user activities are these? - check Pendo
Micro-functions/tasks
Should be able to correlate to metrics that matter to the business
Should we use Pendo for consulting on user trends?
Reduce support load by making billers self-sufficient
Identify top X “problem areas” and then demonstrate elimination/progress in case reduction
Review cases
Should support tailored persona experiences
Should experiences also be tailored to vertical?
New biller portal users should be able to ramp quickly
What metrics will define this?
NPS?
Customization?
What’s the cutover look like?  Phased?
What else should drive our strategy?
Biller turnover trends?
Biller size/complexity segmentation?  (small/person, medium/several, large/depts)
What role does SMS play?
What other non-portal elements should play a role?
Talk with Sales
What sizzle features are they hearing about?
What feedback are they getting in sales demos?
What should be our emphasis on function vs aesthetics?
Pull in Nicole’s data (see dashboard in wiki that links out to other sources)
Metric
Current
Goal
Key Features
TBD
Scope Options
Feature
Reasons to do it
Reasons to not do it
Recommendation
 Schedule Structure
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2258042881/In+Process+One-Pager+Biller+Portal+Redesign