 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
We lack visibility and transparency to show billers or internal employees the life cycle of their Invoice Files.   This creates biller friction and frustration as the existing Biller Portal Invoice File page does not allow customers to see if the Invoice files has successfully completed, or if there is an error with their Invoice File Upload and what caused the error or how to resolve any issues. Currently, errors are not easy to detect early in the process/flow and are invisible to the biller.  We will now exposing the full flow of a file when applicable.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
Billers and CS/CSM have issues finding when there is an error in their files, and IC doesn’t have a good way to notify billers of external or internal issues. 
Audience: Who are we building this for?
Billers
IC Support 
 Solution Alignment
Use-Cases
Use Cases / Questions
EBPP-8094
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
EBPP-11145
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
EBPP-12205
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
EBPP-2467
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Invoice files dashboard
Foundation/menu/layout- EBPP- 
EBPP-6964
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
User logs in to the Biller Portal
User clicks on Search/Files/ Dashboard 
User clicks Dashboard and is moved to the Biller Dashboard Portal
User sees heading Files Dashboard
User sees Dashboard Tabs
Phase 1 will show Invoices
Other tabs are shown but grayed out- PDFs, Adjustment Files and Payment Files with a Coming Soon icon to the right of Payment Files 
User sees File Status Fields
Fields are static
Uploaded File
Parts
Process Status
Review Status
Import Status 
User sees Grid filters and default view
Default view shows up to 90 days of file import data
User sees Filter Option
Filter File List Title
File Status
Processing
Review
Importing
In Error
Completed
Invoice Type
Select drop down menu- must be for Completed file only, we do not know the Invoice Type in any other status
Display only Invoice Types biller has configured
Upload Date From
Editable field
Calendar
Time field
AM/PM
Upload Date To
Editable field
Calendar
Time field
AM/PM
Cancel button to redirect back to main page
Apply Filters button
User sees Grid Pagination
RED BOX
 - Change the number of visible rows on each page. Options should be 5, 10, 20, 50
PURPLE BOX
 - Display which records are being displayed. Should update automatically when the visible rows setting is changed.
GREEN BOX
 - Allow the user to page through using standard first/prev/next/last functionality.
Uploaded File - 
First column of dashboard table - should show original file name provide by biller
Upload details below file name: “Uploaded via [method] on [date]“
Invoice File Name
When at the parent level, this should display “
Pending file details…
”
When at the child level, this should display the child file name
Processing of new file (now called “File Status”?) - 
System should determine display of 5 processing steps based on biller config 
If a step isn’t relevant, it is just not displayed
Icons will give visual indication of which steps are (a) not done, (b) in process, (c) done, (d) in error, (e) not relevant?
While the file is being processed at the Parent level…
“Upload”
If in process, show “Uploading…”
If complete, show “Uploaded"
“Unzip”, “Unzipping… , “Unzipped”
“Split“, “Splitting…“, “Split“
When file moves to processing at the Child level…
“Data Analysis“, “Analyzing Data…”, “Data Analyzed”
“Import”, “Importing… 
##%
”, “Imported”
“Notifications”, “Notifying…
 ##%
”, “Notifications Sent”
For (d) in error…
In “Review Process” column, show clickable link/icon to see full error message 
If error occurred due to internal IC issue, it should automatically retry the step that failed
If error occurred due to a file issue, then the message should give clear error message for the biller- no biller action is taken here
Data review - 
We need new biller options to tell the system whether it should pause for biller review or continue processing
90 days of historical data; including pagination
Data validation
What validation steps can be quarantined (like dup records) and put into a review queue
What validation steps require biller involvement (can we get this down to nothing?) 
For data validation, text should be “Validation”
When validation in process, display proper icon
If no validation errors are found, add message “✔ Data validated” to Review Process column
If validation errors are found, error icon is displayed, “Review X errors” message in Review Process column, redirect to Review (new page)
Link Status
Does not appear on the table for invoice files, will be moved to PDFs
Import Status - 
Single status to be displayed with icon
If file import is scheduled and datetime is in the future, status should show as “Scheduled for [datetime]”
Unique icon for this scenario
Provide a link to bypass the schedule and import immediately
Else not scheduled or past scheduled datetime
Status to show when file is in pre-import phases
Not Started - with appropriate icon
Status to show when file is queued for import
Queued For Import
In Process
Spinner icon
Completed
Checkmark icon
Message “Y records imported”
In Error
red X icon
Display error message with link to full details 
Notifications - 
Column should show all three notification events- data pulled from current code
Display should be:
First Notification (A of B sent, X ineligible) - with link to full details
A is number of notifications sent, B is number of eligible/planned notification to send
Provide link to details on why some invoice weren’t eligible for notification - need to determine where they can get this data, is it on the details page, is it part of the “more” menu?
A counts up as notifications are sent
Second Notification (C of D sent,  Y ineligible) - with link to full details
It’s expected that C is less than B because invoice lose eligibility for notification
Third Notification (E of F sent,  Z ineligible) - with link to full details
It’s expected that F is less than D because invoice lose eligibility for notification
Icons should reflect status
Not started yet
In Process
Completed
The expectation is that A eventually matches B, C eventually matches D, and E eventually matches F, giving an indication of 100% complete for each round of notifications
If there are reasons why once-eligible invoices become ineligible before notification is sent, then we’ll need to lower the second number
Full notification details page
Will show queued/pending, sent, ineligible
Use the Email Tracking Report
Changes needed:
Existing filters go away (cust, acct, invoice)
Add Status filter (queued/pending, sent, ineligible)
If they arrive from a “X of Y” link, then selected options should be 
queued/pending, sent
If they arrive from an “ineligible” link, then selected options should be 
ineligible
Add Notification filter (first, second, third)
Option defaulted depends on which link is clicked on the dashboard
Rename “Sent To” column to “Email Address”
Add column “Ineligibility Reason”
What are the possible options here, need to discuss with dev
Icons
Keep customer profile
Keep view invoice
Keep resend email (active for 
sent
 status, inactive for 
queued/pending, ineligible
)
Give a button where the user can send notifications for any “ineligible” invoices for the reason of “no PDF linked” (basically bypass the reason it’s ineligible)
Are there other ineligibility reasons we would want to give them the ability to bypass? - 
ask CS
Should we put some visual indicator on the Notifications cell of the dashboard to draw their attention to potential actions to be taken - need to discuss with 
Design
If the biller isn’t using all three notifications…
Display should indicate that notification isn’t in use
“Second Notification not in use“
“Third Notification not in use“
Use the “not done” icon for these
More actions - 
Can we
 have the two most common actions be dedicated icons and then the “more” menu behind a third icon?
View File Info
When clicked, take them to the File Info section
“View File History” - add this option
When clicked, take them to a separate page that shows full ledger of all file actions and timestamps- sends them to the Review Tab (under Attributes)
“View Invoice Dates” - add this option
When clicked, take the user to same page you see when clicking the calendar icon on the file history page
Others - 
ask CS
File details section
On data review page, give billers the option of deleting quarantined records from quarantine (eg: they don’t care, don’t need them)
What are the steps triggers and what system delays/queueing are built in to each step?
We should create a biller-friendly flow chart that shows them the steps in the process
Goal: billers should always see an indication of what step is active when viewing any file that’s not completely “done”
Deactivate Invoices (but this would be only for invoice files) Invoice File History in the Biller Portal- Search/Files/Invoice File, click red X- Migrate to the dashboard
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
asdfasdf
Metric
Current
Goal
Key Features
TBD
Scope Options
Feature
Reasons to do it
Reasons to not do it
Recommendation
 Schedule Structure
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2425323528/In+Process+One-Pager+Biller+File+Dashboard+Phase+1