 
 Problem Statement
The IC Product/Design team has repeatedly tried to engage with billers to solicit feedback on upcoming or recently released product enhancements, and we’ve not received the level of engagement that allows us to feel comfortable with delivery plans or success tracking.
Several methods have been employed, none have worked.
 Options
Method
Outcome/Concerns/Notes
Success?
Using Pendo, ask billers if they’re willing to speak with an IC employee in an interview format.
Response rates on these Pendo guides are exceptionally low.
 
Using Pendo, ask billers if they’re willing to speak with an IC employee in an interview format, but also offer an incentive ($50 gift card).
Response rates on these Pendo guides are exceptionally low.  Note there are concerns that govt employees cannot accept gift cards.  What is the limit?
 
Asking the IC CSM team to engage with the billers they have positive relationships with.
This was successful for the Biller Dashboard client outreach.
 
Using Pendo, ask billers for their opinions directly by inputting information into a text box, can be one or multiple questions.
Same as above, response rates on Pendo guides are very low.  Also, biller isn’t engaged for follow-up, so quality of information is limited.
 
Rely on the Sales team to serve a role similar to what we’re asking of the CSM team.
Presumably the sales team won’t have relationships as strong as CSM, and no indication Sales will be more responsive than CSM.
 
Offering limited period of free IC services (ex: no OBD fees for one month).
The people who benefit from this incentive aren’t the ones we want to interview.  But can they encourage / force the right people to engage?
 
Create a community system/environment where billers can provide feedback and interact with other users.
This requires a lot of effort to manage the community and keep the conversations positive and productive.
 
Use support cases to piece together an aggregate biller opinion/feedback.
This is time consuming, and isn’t likely to result in a complete or accurate picture of biller sentiment.
 
Schedule on-site visits and use those “captive audience” moments as opportunities to extract specific feature/design feedback.
On-site visits would be used for more than just feedback, and their infrequency would make them a less than ideal option for when we’re looking for mass and prompt data.
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2532999169/In+Process+One-Pager+Biller+Engagement+Challenges