07/02/2024 
 Date
 Participants
List meeting participants using their @ mention names
 
 Goals
Weekly Sync
IVR Chatbot Project Kickoff
Idea Discovery
Spend more time on shoring up on the ideas.
Plenty of quantity.
We as design as part of product.
Conduit into product development, prioritization, etc.
Emphasize more on better-formed ideas supporting data are going to stand out more than larger volume of ideas. See this UX issue and manifests in this # of support cases, Pendo, the more compelte story we can tell.
More impactful. As you're working on stuff, working on projects, conduit for submitting those things. Be able to speak the other language.
Chatbot stuff
Beginning of the year hit up by Matthew Castanova from IVR Tech.
Come to Buffalo in March. Never happened.
Unpacking from that. Wanted to make sure this was going to happen.
Bit of circling folks trying to get how to go get folks moving.
At the point now. Sized themselves up for an OKR to deliver a chatbot / payment bot.
Mandated from Topdown. IDea through working through the prototypes with the City of Boston, idea being that an offering can be imbedded in sites with an interface that users can pay for their build.
What does that look like? What does it need to do? What does it not need to do>?
Dennnis Chin has been leading the discovery efforst and interivews.
Reached out to a different billers, sourced from CSMs, with Dennis, Ryan, and Matthew.
Pulled an interview script. From Mid-April to last monthish been conducting on interviews.
Chatbots, considered chatbots? Problem try to solve?
Nebulous high-level to what do you think this is?: Can we compile this into an MVP?
Just got through the first rounds of interviews. Catalyst to "how to get this off the ground""
This is an IVR initiate that we're supporting. Supporting at a Product management and design standpoint.
Technically how are we going to execute this.
Where we are:
Had 8 interviews. 
Notes from each of those.
Can get that from Dennis. 
Doing Moscow to inform the technical review at a high level.
chat command thing.
what then?
Design handoff to IVR.
Unclear at the moment if the FEDs can build the shell.
Discovery to be done for MFA for BP by Mid-August.
Not a lot of time to do discovery. Right at the same time to have a push on this.
BMS is going to wrap up at the same time. 
 Discussion topics
Time
Item
Presenter
Notes
Discovery Ideas
Spend more time on shoring up on the ideas.
Plenty of 
quantity
.
Important to show we as design as part of product. Conduit into product development, prioritization, etc.
Emphasize more on better-formed ideas supporting data are going to stand out more than larger volume of ideas.
See this UX issue and manifests in this # of support cases, Pendo, the more complete story we can tell.
More impactful. As you're working on stuff, working on projects, conduit for submitting those things. 
IVR Chatbot
Mandated from top down. Idea through working through the prototypes with the City of Boston, idea being that an offering can be imbedded in sites with an interface that users can pay for their build.
What does that look like? What does it need to do? What does it not need to do? Dennis Chin has been leading the discovery efforts and interviews.
Reached out to a different billers, sourced from CSMs, with Dennis, Ryan, and Matthew.
Pulled an interview script. From Mid-April to last monthish been conducting on interviews.
Chatbots, considered chatbots? Problem try to solve?
Nebulous high-level to what do you think this is?
Can we compile this into an MVP?
Where we are:
Just got through the first rounds of interviews. Catalyst to "how to get this off the ground""
This is an IVR initiate that we're supporting. Supporting at a Product management and design standpoint. Technically how are we going to execute this.
Where we are:
Had 8 interviews. 
Notes from each of those.
Can get that from Dennis. 
Doing Moscow to inform the technical review at a high level.
 Action items
Add action items to close the loop on open questions or discussion topics:




31


complete


Create a FigJam board to start MSCW exercise with team to prioritize features.




 Decisions
Type /decision to record the decisions you make in this meeting:
5e5c676a-7bc0-4180-b3a9-ce56820bfc67
17615d84-155d-4472-9928-612e7d446d1a
DECIDED
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3371335682/07+02+2024+Chatbot+Kickoff+Meeting