 Date
 Participants
List meeting participants using their @ mention names
 
Karthic
 Goals
Establish a process for asynchronous work amongst team
Use Jira for project management and tracking delivery 
Assignment and responsibilities for different project aspects
Need conversations on what’s in P2 and P3 and what that will look like in the next 3 years
 Immediate action items




1260


incomplete


 start building prototypes






1261


incomplete


 
 
 Setup project management in Jira to track delivery. Determine who should set this up and have a trackable order to continue working together






1265


incomplete


 
 Determine initial billers to put prototype in front of. Limit to interviewed billers or engage with a larger group set?






1263


incomplete


Karthic continue evaluate the technical stack




 Decisions
Project management and tracking delivery
8ae6e04e-f50f-4bd0-b373-21bb71189ea2
de0c12a7-73e6-4f3b-b77d-d940711d4c40
DECIDED
Use Jira for project management and tracking delivery
Use Jira for project management and tracking delivery
Light analytics
14b5ae6b-16ec-4217-88e2-be2df9d11089
676ba52c-a88f-4462-bb18-54f82f8fa82f
DECIDED
Manual reporting. Hack what we have for MVP
78aa472f-7028-4bfe-81c4-58609df71a62
DECIDED
High-level tracking of adoption
0cf24bfe-c9df-4f27-9579-e2920beae2b4
DECIDED
Metrics to track: First-time contact resolution. Who goes through payment and who goes through escalation?
1a3a8904-1ad8-4bd9-9c40-576525f53888
DECIDED
To do: Track missed utterances. Define milestones and variables we need to set. Need to call out what we need to track and measure without a complex query. 
Manual reporting. Hack what we have for MVP
High-level tracking of adoption
Metrics to track: First-time contact resolution. Who goes through payment and who goes through escalation?
To do: Track missed utterances. Define milestones and variables we need to set. Need to call out what we need to track and measure without a complex query. 
Design Next Steps 
c8f42dfd-f9bc-48d9-a00d-b7b766fcd0dd
34e06ee7-d95a-45c0-9286-4983dca779f2
DECIDED
Start building out prototype
bc354dfc-2a2e-49f9-925c-441643361a41
DECIDED
Look at the 4 interviewed billers and base prototype design to those billers. 
Start building out prototype
Look at the 4 interviewed billers and base prototype design to those billers. 
PM Next Steps 
dd510d0c-4e47-41c7-a01a-f3bf54cbe2fe
8aa0a01f-6f6a-4758-b7a8-f0e7bb0f8711
DECIDED
Collect the MVP feature list
594eee52-ea6a-40c2-a5d8-ba8282ff56f4
DECIDED
Share prototype with billers who were previously interested in a pilot and see if they’re willing to use
f44f8a3c-ebcb-44cd-9cbe-893aa3c8a0c5
DECIDED
Establish the vertical we’re going to focus on. Holistic approach must be crafted around the vertical.
1fcd72e3-52d0-408d-8cba-5060c56d5450
DECIDED
Determine whether we will limiting to billers already engaged or a larger group set. 4 of 8 expressed interest in early beta program. Reach out ot the initial 4
04149dfd-df30-4ed9-8570-5a66d14fc5a5
DECIDED
 Reach out to more billers?  If the initial 4 don’t want to use, and 8 of 10 new billers say we will use it. Then we can start thinking of P2 and P3. Then we can start thinking of P2 and P3.
64e386e1-be9c-4465-9399-4f6c61445e62
DECIDED
Competitive analysis on pricing and how we go on upselling and go-to market plan for 3-4 year forecast. Need to have this before we ship this to stakeholders before we reach out to Steve and Kevin
Collect the MVP feature list
Share prototype with billers who were previously interested in a pilot and see if they’re willing to use
Establish the vertical we’re going to focus on. Holistic approach must be crafted around the vertical.
Determine whether we will limiting to billers already engaged or a larger group set. 4 of 8 expressed interest in early beta program. Reach out ot the initial 4
 Reach out to more billers?  If the initial 4 don’t want to use, and 8 of 10 new billers say we will use it. Then we can start thinking of P2 and P3. Then we can start thinking of P2 and P3.
Competitive analysis on pricing and how we go on upselling and go-to market plan for 3-4 year forecast. Need to have this before we ship this to stakeholders before we reach out to Steve and Kevin
 Discussion topics
Time
Item
Presenter
Notes
1:50
Project Management
 
Use Jira for project management and tracking delivery
End-to-end process
2:30
Focus
 
Have a group convo on this
We’ve talked about MVP
Need to talk about forecast and what’s in P1 and P2
What integrations with other cores so we have that holistic approach?
Put things through the business case and what’s the 3-year forecast?
Need deeper conversations on what’s in P1 and P2 and what that will look like in the next 3 years
3:45
Stakeholders
 
Do we need conversations with stakeholders 
 and Kevin are aware what we’re delivering? 
Make sure when we’re delivering the MVP expectations are set and there’s no miss on that end
Communicate upfront what we’re delivering for MVP so there are no questions why there are no missing features we discussed and discovered in biller interviews
5:10
Planning Next Steps
 
 
Need to discuss what’s in P2 and P3 before we put together /deliver the MVP
Need to know what feature delivery looks like for P2 and P3 and if it makes sense with our ROI, why begin P1/MVP?
What’s the process to get together the MVP?
Collect the MVP feature list
Build a prototype in figma that we share with billers who were previously interested in a pilot and see if they’re willing to use
We’ll put together for the MVP and see if this is something that they’ll put into practice even if when it’s using these core MVP features?
 If yes, then we can go on to hte next steps and what the next few phases are:
What are we going to deliver?
How much is going to cost from a timing persepctive?
Once we have level of efforts there, we can go back what the cost to build to maintain this.
If no, billers are not willing to pilot or use it, then building out the MVP doesn’t make sense. 
Communication has been a need for a holistic approach:
A flow for dynamic / customizable escalations
What we haven’t discussed is, “hey are you willing to use this? Is this the vertical we’re going to focus on?”
From a revenue forecast perspective and vertical perspective (who are we targetting), the things we build from a feature-perspective and holistic approach perspective, it’s going to be different per vertical (Insurance will want to file claims, utilities want to start/stop service)
having a sense of which vertical we’re targeting and understanding the customer we’re targeting the next 3 years will give us insight on what we’re building in the 3-year roadmap
This will be key in getting the ROI number we’ll be using to benchmark against other initiatives so that when looking at the go-to-market approach and the plan and the expectations to be rolled-out and what we can expect in the ROI perspective to pursue this
TLDR: what we need to do next is:
Identify the core features
Roll it out to the billers and get feedback and whether or not they’ll use it in practice
If not, we will need to think about rolling into the features in the MVP for other folks to use it
If we have good enough buy-in, we do level of efforts for phase 2 and 3, understand the cost ot build and maintain this for the next 3 years and start looking at it in a revenue perspective, how are we going to go out there and generate revenue? 
what are potential upsells / cross sells with current IC products?
Have that run across a 3-year forecast so we can understand how further the initiative
9:34
Next Steps
 
Are we limiting to billers already engaged or a larger group set?
Team decision
4 of 8 expressed interest in early beta program. 
Reach out ot the initial 4. Not sure it makes sense to bring in folks to reeducate on what we’re doing
Educate on large group of billers we haven’t 
Curious to see outside of the holistic solutions if they’d be open to use the MVP at it’s current state
What we will need is the prototype to design in Figma
Not opposed to reaching out to more billers. More feedback the better. If the initial 4 don’t want to use, and 8 of 10 new billers say we will use it. THen we can start thinking of P2 and P3.
Don’t need to get granular for P2 and P3, but we need to get a good sense of timing. If we’re doing integrations or if we don’t need to, we can do a high-level of assumption of wht we need to do and get the data aand metrics to get that ROI.
Remaining items for prototype and workflows
 
 
Prototype
It will be the MVP but designed through Figma. Just a click-through vs an actual application that is built
In terms of workflow, there are high-level conversational design aspects we haven’t touched on. High-level blocks for steps. Need to go deeper and layout on what the conversational experience will be
Conversation around everything that will have the prototype to be into an application. What’s the level effort from dev and tech stack perspective? We will need this for immediate next steps
13:45
Technical stack status
Karthic just finished the workshop with Microsoft. Now in the ealuation phase. Need a couple of weeks to review and come up-to-speed. Will be in a position to get started on locking down the tech stack and then coming up with the level-of-effort. 
One-pager needs
We put together a problem and high-level one-pager why this idea is good. We have a good sense of what we need to build, all the stakeholders that need to get involved. Spend 30 mins -1 hr with tech leads what we need to build and how it should flow. The tech leads will give us their expectations on how long it will take their team to work on this initiative. If multiple teams need to get involved, then we can set up multiple convos with data engineering, archicecture, etc. so we can get sizing from all 4 tech teams and loop it back to the Vista business model calculator. 
Gathering feedback and determining biller /vertical focus
 
When we build the prototype, we gather feedback on what our MVP features, wouldn’t that help inforce/ dictacte what we will develop in P2 and P3? How we include knowing that could change given from that feedback and still plan for it?
In terms of level of effort planning, those conversations will have to be done with identifying what the MVP features are.
Workflows are done and get more granular (I suppose) and cover the scenarios and intents as we build out the actual experience is, when we start the workflows and parts that will be NLP. It will be difficult to prototype it in advance without actually using hte model together to put a POC together. Not sure how far I can go with the chatbot and  put together an experience without knowing where the foundational model will be used.
We have to also, especially the part, holistic approach / portion, we need to test with our own data and resources, we can’t do that until we get approval what model we’re going to use and security/ compliacne is taken care of until we start feeding our model that data.
Not sure how far I can go with the design until we figure those things out.
At least, gather data on the FAQ and whatever else we need to use the … for and get started on that. We can feed the data source in after. 
Therés collaboration can be done with the design. Not knowing the language model is going to impact the prototype. Purpose of a prototype is to give hte biller a sense of what it may look like and if there’s an appetite for it. Don’t want to make it so complex or detailed that it will prevent us to get to that step sooner than later. 
What we need immediately need is biller feedback.
 If there’s a way to hack and utilize that with expected responses and flow, then that should work. When we get started with the MVP and more detail, that’s when we can worry about what the technical stack is. 
What is a good middle ground?
We can make assumptions on how that chatbot can act and feel and build a prototype around that. 
Assess portions around FAQ and features that we can 
Level of effort perspective, that will help as well.
Building a business case
 
 
A lot of things need to occur before getting started. Will be helpful (background and understanding) of direction where to go next. Get it documented and pumped into Jira what we need to do.
Do we expect the same thorough business case for this chatbot as we do for major concepts that require business cases on the IC side?
Lean on 
 guidances. There are many concepts going through product discovery that we’re skipping these steps for roadmap items for next year. Not sure if we’re hacking that as well. Getting the ROI and level of efforts -- right way we should be doing it. Some requirements don’t need that and some that do. 
Answer is probably yes. If we can layout the process regardless if we skip it or not and for this specific project, how do we get that accomplished? Who are the stakeholders are and the roles and responsibilities? Just want to amke sure we have clarity in-between these calls and how are we executing?
Immediate next steps:
Identifying what the MVP features are
What we havent covered are the analtyics portion and finalize the worfkwlos.
Create the prototype and list out the features and distrtibute it to a subset of billers to get that first round of feedback and get the level of efforts for MVP to get feedback this is something they will use
We can start filling out the blanks for what we need for deliverables to go through the Vista product discovery process
Prototype, align on MVP, build out the prototype on Figma. 
Not opposed to put together an email to get feedback to a list of billers.
If the prototype is something light and alot more illustative to tell billers what we’re building, we should do that.
Timeline for technical stack evaluation and project completion
How much time do you think we can put this together? More than 3 months?
 
Now in the phase of synthesize and analyze
It will take more than 3 months
Typically tickets in Jira product discovery. Any projects beyond 3-6 months require a business case. We expect a lean canvas that illustrates the problem, value props, downsides of not doing this? Ultimately, what is the revenue and cost-saving opportunity? How much is it going to take to build and maintain it?
What we’re doing this now, going through the MVP, that is covering a third or half of what we need for the cost of building a product in a 3-year horizion.
ROI Deliverables:
business-case calculator
one-pager
2024 perpsective for deliverables we need for this
Need to drill on how to get to those numbers
Revenue perspective, we haven’t identified the biller, target biller segment, insurance,  something we need to determine for that business case. We can do that based off of biller feedback or a rough estimation now. Who do we reach out to? 
 
Build prototypes and test them. This should’t be a waterfall process. Still be doing scoping in diligence as we are prototyping. Work more async as we get over this exercise. Report back to the team. Karthic does his technical diligence, Ange builds prototypes, and try to organize timelinese and level of effort.
Go back to billers and interviews and go from there. Not opposed to a survey.
 
Following the process with the team and helping us to implement, what are all the steps?
 
Matthew discussed with Steve and Ryan on using Jira product discovery to track the IVR roadmap items
Let’s track them so we can attach owners and who’s doing what asynchronous to these calls. Karthic finished up his session last week with Vista and Microsoft, and now will be evaluating the tech stack so we can get to a place to determine the level of effort.
Things we need to do in parallel to at least start. Eager to see in a trackable order that we can all work off of together.
Spend some time to ask billers, “how would you price this ”do competitive research on pricing. Pull other stakeholders (sales ops)? Matthew and Dennis will take those stakeholders together.
Prototype scoping
 
Prototype for immediate next steps.
Prototype will take at most a month to build.
Light analytics
Manual report on what we end up with the MVP. Cheapest option possible. Don’t put ourselves in the corner and not rebuild things. Manually building scripts to give billers. Manually build reports on how many billers are using it, just tracking high-level adoption is a good place to start. Tableau dashboard? 
Just need to identify those metrics
Most billers mention first-contact resolution. so who goes through payments and who goes through escalation?
If we get creative, we can add additional things. We can manually hack the analytics and start filling out metrics as people request for it for first-time contact resolution. Hack what we can.
How do we track the experience?
we can track missed utterances
We have the ability to track raw data
Milestones and variables we need to set, the sky is the limit. Just need to call out what we need to track and measure something without a complex query
need to discuss more as a team
high level we can log all the interactions and access missed utterances and train teh bot further
we will have tons of dta from recording all the interactions
high level if we want to track the intents of the user and intents accessed, missed utterances, that could help us filter down the actual session we need to review for trouble shooting
Maybe feedback button on the chat widget? 
We will be in a constant rhythm of reviewing data and measuring it. Misconception is AI is self-learning. We will have to train it.
Prototype next steps
Do all the workflows will encompass everything we need to design and build?
Some missing info from this workflow that may be related to back-end processes. Response successful / exception handling, etc., and the technical piece we can overlay in the conversational workflow design. Current worfklows do not have everything we need for Karthic to build it. If the intent has a given document that informs everything he needs to build. The voice design to articulate the integration and backend processes with the call flow itself. Still need to go through the conversation design and that’s where we pick up and talk about what would happen, etc.? 
Conclusion:
Workflow should be a high-level overview. We have the information we need to do the separate activities we need for scoping and prototyping. There will be phases in the prototyping phase where we will have opportunities to collaborate. 
Next step is to get the technical requirements and scoping and move forward with prototyping and solutioning.
Regardless of interest to participating, it would be good to get biller feedback from interviewed group. Still opportunity to elicit feedback. Get to prototyping the features and update things simply for a biller. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3534913537/09+04+2024+IVR+Chatbot+Meeting