Announcements/ Leadership Debrief
SRE Scope and Expectations - 
ERSO Intro - Updated 20220726.pptx
The SRE's scope to improve observability which is the current focus at this point in time.  At this point in time, our focus is observability, incident response, and alert reduction. 
Observability
Bring application and critical services under APM and transactions
Incident Response
eSRE to be on the call to assist and help with the research and remediation activity
Post-incident activity - Anything that improves detection and mitigation.
Alert Reduction
Be First Responders for Alerts during normal business hours
The process to create an SRE ticket and work on the resolution.
Alert Handling and Tracking
 
Serviceability 
SRE Service Handover - New domains - 
Service Handover
Braintree
OBD/RPPS 
SRE Proactive / Reactive Tracker
Review all production bugs and assign the services
Review all your closed tickets and document insights
Ticket Closure 
Mitigation Actions are very important now
Lack of Response 
Let’s Make CS Accountable
EBPP/INT will have SRE as one of the scrum team
Background - can’t disconnect Development and Delivery to Production at this point of time.
Project and repo’s are connected
Alert Management and SRE responsibility
Metrics are going to blame us.
Production access to SRE Altimetrik - WIP
DBS in Jira 
Automation will be in place to route tickets
Create subtask for ITR
DB reports for single Biller ( 30+ more tickets)
Interns Update - Daniel
CMDB - Align reported services vs affected services right from CS list
repo → services - one or more services → product [ Our view - product and services have a blurred view)
Professional Development Days
Mark a day and share a plan
Team Discussion Items
Sam - I added the incident management for the team/ SME as a topic to discuss this is in relation to the three incidents that occurred on 6/1/2023 requiring us to create incidents as many points of contact were unavailable at the time.
Incident Management Process
 
Metrics/Goals
Ticket Backlog - Let’s weather the storm together
Multi-tasking and Bandwidth management
Auto Assignment 
Complex, DS_Review, and other label reviews
Biller Monitoring and the importance of BillerID in the logs.
Engineering initiative
ESC - Enterprise Standards - Logging - Once in the two-week meeting - Martin, Ray, Jesus, and Dinesh met to kickstart
eSRE team refresher
eSRE lead code review
New Relic Metric in Datawarehouse
We will have historical data and heat maps by mid of this year
Analytics Service Health Board
 
Azure Data Studio - Interactive Triage Guide - this month's work has to start
Notebooks for DevSupport.
DevOps project SRE_SRC has been created.
SupportBench - A workbench for Client Services
Proof of Concept - Demo Completed
SupportPortal split from CRM
Proof of Concept and Demo Completed
CS - DS ticketing process
DS Process meeting to expose new fields Case Id and FTR calculation
Workato recipe and bug fixes - Start tracking. 
Process initiative
New CS Review Process - 
Flagging a ticket for CS Review
 
DS Review - To add a memo on any feedback to Dev Support
CS/DS Live Production Bugs Visibility
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10275
The affected service has been exposed in the EBPP/SR/INT projects - Work with Shannon
Service Handover Documentation - 
Service Handover - Braintree.docx
SRE Playbook -  
SRE Playbook 2023.docx
eSRE - 
ESRE Playbook.xlsx
Training and Learning
Development days - Integration / Hackathon 
Lunch 'n' Learn - Sam/Dinesh to identify topics and schedule the next one.
DevSupport Brown Bag on every other Friday 
Open/Action Items
Summer Friday Planning - 50% staffed and 75% budgeted
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2749005828/2023+June+27