SR Item
Description
Impact
Impact Description
KPI
SR-704
Payment declines - improve the gaps in payment declines 
Loss of revenue
Security Concern (Fraud detection)
NFG was using another company to pay their bill with us
Chandler: large amount of declines from a specific IP, help to detect fraud
Gaps in Payment Declines
Improve the Processor Decline 'Transactions' event table to capture decline messages from the processor along with BillerID,<>,<>, etc
Start logging Payment attempts that fail in the validation phase or exception being thrown with a decline message (This message is logged in the Payments Table today)
Include processors that are missing like PayPal and Braintree to the event table
CTP logging improvement - SR item 
Create Alerts for the team to be proactive for anomalies
Once the decline reasons are known the resiliency and optimization improvements can be performed.
Net revenue impact??
Number of tickets??
SR-528
Account Linking Tracking
Brand Impact
Toil Reduction
User Experience
Engineering Leadership
We need to be able to tell how accounts are being linked. This can cause friction and escalations from billers.
Number of critical tickets??
SR-705
Batch Closures - what are the improvements?
Toil Reduction
Brand Impact
Each day the engineering team spends XX hours reviewing it manually (review numbers with Adrian)
Gaps in Batch Closures
Improve the Batch Closure with error reasons in the 'BatchCloses' event table to capture the error messages 
BatchClosure (IC.BatchClose) add serilog to get the logs in NewRelic 
Create Alerts for the teams to be proactive  
Once the error reasons is known the resilency and optimization improvements can be performed.
Hours of effort reduced?
SR-761
SMS Observability
Brand Impact
Toil Reduction
User Experience
Engineering Leadership
One of our biggest billers (SEMCO) reported issues with SMS registrations taking up to 30 minutes to be sent out to people.
Escalated by Customer Success VP, leadership visibility.
Impacting go-live of new functions for SEMCO
Measure SMS delivery time in the New Relic events table
Capture SMS error logs to reduce toil
Measure TTR of SMS-related issues (reduce toil)
Stablish SMS baselines/SLAs
SR-313
ICCRM - Support Workbench - Add Marketing Paperless Campaign Reports
Toil Reducation
Self-service capability that reduces the need for requests to the Data Services team.
29 DBRs reduced in the last 25 days
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3324444688/2024+June+Update