Purpose
To enable the Triage Engineering teams to identify minor bugs and enhancements, write the necessary code, and move it through the SDLC with the assistance of scrum teams.
Objectives
For minor bugs and enhancements:
Reduce the time to resolution by streamlining the process.
Minimize context loss and handover.
For triage engineering:
Increase the team's technical proficiency.
Reduce the tickets received from Client Services.
Assist in the reduction of technical debt.
Definitions
Quick Win 
Is a minor bug and enhancement or enhancement that meets the following criteria:
Less than 5 lines of code for solution. Does not include testing code.
Must have a unit tests. If the code is not unit testable, then it cannot considered a quick win.
Story points must be less than 3.
Roles
Assignee:
 Responsible for coding and initial testing.
Tester:
 Conducts peer reviews and tests the code.
Internal Lead:
 Oversees the initiative and ensures alignment with objectives. Conducts internal review and test.
Scrum Lead:
 Provides final review and approval.
Process
Identification and Initial Review:
Minor bug or enhancement is identified during triage engineering work.
An Jira item is created following the general standards.
Initial review is conducted.
Assignment:
If accepted as a quick win, assign the ticket to a triage engineer aligned with the scrum team, preferably the one who identified the issue/enhancement.
Identify an item tester.
Sprint Allocation
For this step use you best judgement.
The item should be added to the current sprint if all the following criteria is met:
There are available story points during the sprint.
At least 3 business days remaining for the sprint.
The tech lead accepts the item to be absorbed to the sprint.
If not, then scrum team must absorb the item into the next sprint, and it must be discussed in the next sprint planning.
Development and Review:
The assignee completes the changes and creates a pull request.
Add the tester, internal lead, and scrum lead as required reviewers in the pull request, and notify the tester.
Approval Process:
Tester reviews and approves. Notify internal lead.
Internal lead reviews and approves. Notify scrum lead.
Scrum lead reviews, approves, and moves the item through release readiness.
Deployment:
The item assignee joins the deployment call and tests the changes in production.
Update the item appropriately.
Additional Notes
Integrations scrum teams will not participate in this effort until further notice.
Each scrum team will allocate 3 story points per sprint for triage engineers to work on quick wins.
The item should not be brought up to bug court, but the scrum lead should be made aware of the item.
The item will not go into any prioritization by product managers.
RACI Acronym Guide
Responsible
: The person or people who do the work to complete the task.
Accountable
: The person who is ultimately answerable for the correct and thorough completion of the task. There should be only one accountable person per task.
Consulted
: Those whose opinions are sought, typically subject matter experts, and with whom there is two-way communication.
Informed
: Those who are kept up-to-date on progress, often only one-way communication.
RACI Chart
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3776741398/DRAFT+Triage+Engineering+Quick+Wins+Initiative