Problem Alignment
The Problem
The Invoice Cloud Boarding department face many obstacles while executing the new biller onboarding process.  Process inefficiencies such as data duplication, biller engagement/communication issues, and ineffective workflow metrics have led to concerns for resource efficiency and scalability.  
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
<Fill in metrics about how many support tickets we get a month>
Audience: Who are we building for?
We are building this for our IC Ops - Boarding team. This is expected to be for billers that are post-sales, pre-go-live
High-level Approach
Create a solution such that Billers may complete the aspects of the onboarding process including data collection & validation, form generation, and digital signature capture. Once all milestones have been met, allow for the transfer of data to IC to continue the onboarding process with PayPal Gateway; engage the appropriate internal departments to complete the onboarding process. 
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we have succeeded if we are able to reduce the number of steps required to complete biller onboarding while increasing output velocity. 
Metrics to track:
Average cycle time Start-to-Finish
Completed requests per month
Solution Alignment
Key Features
Remove the need to manually complete and submit forms - Allow the Biller to complete an ‘onboarding wizard’ which collects, verifies, and validates requisite data for biller onboarding. 
Create a automated process to drive the biller onboarding workflow. Data Collection → Generate Documents → Sign Documents → Open Boarding Case → Upload Data to IC CRM
Save relevant data captured through the onboarding process to improve information data for our customers (Account Contacts & Roles, etc.)
Track key milestones throughout the new biller onboarding lifecycle for tracking and reporting purposes.  
Key Flows  
[todo: link to flow]
Launch Readiness
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Exit Criteria
Status
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
N
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
N
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
N
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
N
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
N
Boarding
Set up and Enablement
Y
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
N
Support
Biller questions and support
N
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Y
[possibly: privacy policies]
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
N
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/1659600995/WIP+Biller+Onboarding+Automation+One+Pager