Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
Security requirements will remain the same when transition to a Payfac model. 
The current security training programs that all employees attend will be sufficient to support the Payfac  model. 
Interview security team and Chase to understand if any security requirements will change as we migrate to a Payfac. Are there other things we need to consider from a security perspective? 
Validate what is needed to establish an entity in Canada and hire employees 
3 weeks
Security - Zach Howlett
Pricing
Billers will be willing to pay a premium for consolidated funding which is the output of this project. We may also be able to offer customized batch timings/deposits that we could charge for.   
Interview support and CSMs to get their input on what billers would be willing to pay for. 
Engage with marketing to understand if we have any current data related to what billers are willing to pay for.  
Interview sales to understand how often consolidated funding or funding requests comes up in their conversations
6 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Product,  Sales?
RFPs
Support
We may need some additional dept representation (ie Risk, compliance) to support the payfac model. 
There will not be any impact to billers on the reporting side which could increase support cases/calls with implementing the payfac model. 
There will not be any downtime or significant issues for billers during their migration. 
Meet with Chase to understand the risk (addlt FTE support needed) requirements and whether any changes will be needed on the IC side. 
Interview Engineering to understand what changes would be needed and the potential impact as we migrate billers to the new platform. 
Interview engineering to understand how these changes will impact billers. Will there be changes that billers need to adjust to? 
8 weeks
Chase/Sara,  Randy, Adrian
Feasibility
This new Payfac model will provide consolidated funding for our billers and make reconciling much easier. 
The reporting we provide to billers as this project is rolled out will be a much better experience than they have today. 
 
Interview CSM & client services to understand any biller limitations or concerns they feel billers will bring up. Also understand how often the request to process in canada comes up. 
Interview Chase/engineering to work thru batch close processes for each payment type to ensure a consolidated deposit with reporting details matching. 
Interview John BMS and engineering to confirm reporting updates will be within scope for this project.  
8 weeks
Randy, Adrian,  Ryan, John, Sean
Competitive Advantage
Having a payfac model will allow us to offer consolidated funding with matching reporting which is something that is very important to billers.  
Meet with product marketing to understand which of our competitors are already doing this and how it's working. We should also identify which competitors are not using it as it would give us a competitive advantage. 
Identify list of competitors and look for demos that may be online
Meet with Sales to understand if this comes up in their discussions and whether there are RFPs that we’ve lost due to not offering canadian processing.
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that partners and billers will be eager to sign up for. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
4-6 weeks
Nathan
Engineering
We will be able to successfully build out the payfac model and migrate billers with minimal impact. 
There will not be any significant funding issues as we migrate billers. 
There will be minimal/no downtime for billers during this migration.  
Stay closely connected with Chase, validating and testing all changes made to ensure we have accounted for all work flows. 
Interview engingeering to understand the magnitude of this migration and potential downtime during the transition. 
Thorough testing will be done to ensure funding is happening as expected and reporting is accurately reflectling funding that was deposited for that day. validate the changes needed to support this initiative.  
12 weeks
Randy, Adrian, Martin, Sara, Teneice, Chase
Compliance
The same PCI compliance standards will apply to our Payfac model. 
There will not be any documentation that the biller needs to sign for the payfac migration. 
Interview compliance and Chase to understand if there are any additional PCI compliance things that we need to consider for operating in a payfac model. 
Interview Sara/Legal/Chase to confirm that a simple notice will suffice for these changes. 
3 weeka
Cassandra?, Chase, Sara
Cost Analysis
Building out the changes needed to support the new payfac model will be cheaper to implement than using an outside solution. 
Internal employees are much more up to speed on our current processes and one off scenarios - need to understand how much help the India team can offer and how we can implement successfully.  
8 weeks
PM, Engineering, Steve, Ramesh, Ryan, CJ
Risk Analysis
If billers need to sign a form for this migration, we will have a lot of delays and billers who will not complete this process.
Changes will be made within the biller portal which could cause an issue with folks using the BP. This could be a big deal because all billers use the BP and have multiple users. 
Changes will be made in our processing systems and could cause funding issues for billers processing payments. 
Support will also experience an increase in cases because this is a new process and may have bugs to work out. 
There will likely be some bumps along the way and billers may express concerns thru NPS which could result in negative reviews. 
 
Build out a plan for addressing funding issues and reporting inconsistencies. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime within the BP. Look for ways for this to be turned on/off on a per biller basis. 
Work with support to identify all possible scenarios where tickets or calls will be generated and be proactive in addressing those prior to launch. 
Work with legal, Chase and internal folks to address the notification needed for migrating billers.  
Determine plan for how/whether we need to address concerns with negative NPS scores. 
8 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, Sara, Legal, 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3463053313/Action+Plan+-+Chase+Payfac