MFA Idea Capture Worksheet: 
Idea Capture Worksheet - Biller Portal MFA
 
 Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Viability
Dependent on decision to price this. 
By providing extra level of security or better ease of use we can charge a premium for certain levels of MFA after launching on March 31, 2025. 
Sales, CSM, and post MVP research. 
User Interviews with billers to understand how they are using the IC software, what is the environment that they use it in, what potential pain points will there be introducing MFA, and how they expect to be able to use it.
Preliminary UX Mockup: Unmoderated usability study to gauge perception of MFA and potential pain points to account for
3 Weeks
Sales, CSMs
Desirability
Building MFA will increase biller satisfaction with existing and new prospects by increasing security before march 31, 2025. (IT security person at the biller organization, the IC buyers) will care about the security.  
Interview Internal Stakeholders:  Sales, CSMs. Review Support Cases asking for this. Pendo Biller Surveys. 
Mock up of the UX and show the biller CS of what this may look like.  
2 Weeks
Sales, CSMs
Feasibility 
Billers expect employees to use their phones for MFA.
Market Analysis (research who offers multi-channel/device MFA), Competitive Analysis, Biller Interviews, Biller Survey: gauge preferred MFA device or solution
2 Weeks
Security
Building MFA will increase biller security in our biller portal for billers by further user verification before march 31, 2025. 
Security Internal Meeting: What solutions are in compliance with current security measures? Are there any MFA solutions not useable for us/our specific needs?
2 Weeks
Security team
Compliance
An MFA solution will keep IC in PCI compliance with PCI by having an MFA solution before March 31, 2025. 
Compliance Internal Meeting: Is March 31 2025 hard deadline? Are they penalties if late? What happens if late? Are there standards for MFA they have (levels of MFA to adhere to? What levels of the MFA do we need?  Is there a bad MFA solution that won’t work for us?
2 Weeks
Legal team
Legal
Included in compliance
NA 
2 Weeks
Marketing
By promoting MFA through the lens of “higher security for users” before rollout will help with higher adoption rates.
Marketing interviews: How do we currently position security? What would marketing’s approach to MFA be?
Use Pendo guides and a email campaign to alert billers that the change is coming with links to a blog or internal documents about why we are adding MFA.
2 Weeks
Marketing
Supporting 
By building an MFA solution we will impact support teams, high increase in support tickets as we roll this out initially. 
Talk with CS and marketing on how to make the initial plan. 
UX can continuously gather user feedback post launch to identify pain points and areas where the authentication experience can be improved
2 Weeks
Customer Support
Pricing
Building MFA we could offer varied levels of an MFA solution that we could charge billers by X amount. 
Pricing, Sales, CSM internal interviews. Competitor Research.
What do/if competitors charge? What would billers pay? Would only some billers pay and who? 
2 Weeks
Sales, CSMs, Finance
Competitiveness
Building an MFA product would increase our competitive advantage with X competitors by having XYZ offering and/or pricing. 
 
Competitor research: leverage product marketing resources, sales resources. 
2 Weeks
Product marketing
Training, Documentation
By building an MFA solution we need documentation to support billers and internal users.
Training Meeting: Talk to training and ask them what we would need internally, and externally. 
UX can build Pendo guides or work with MFA vendor to make sure the onboarding flow is intuitive and easy to use.
2 Weeks
Training team, Customer support
Development 
By building an MFA solution we will increase platform security for billers by investing in X months development work. 
Technical Research and Technical discussion: What is development effort? How does this tie into other development if it does? Does this impact core product functionality?
2 Weeks
Engineering 
Build, Buy, or Partner ? = Feasibility 
It is cheaper and faster for us to integrate in an MFA solution than to build one ourselves. 
1. Build: Evaluate with engineering what the cost of MVP would be.
2. Partner: Research vendors and discuss with engineering a possible technical approach.
4 weeks 
Engineering, Finance 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3283943453/Action+Plan+Template+-+Biller+Portal+MFA+-+Shelby