Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
All users will be subject to MFA requirements due to them having access to the biller portal where cardholder data is stored. 
Interview security team to validate whether all users are in scope. 
1 week
Security - Zach Howlett
Pricing
Billers will be willing to pay a premium for the additional security features that MFA offers. 
Interview support and CSMs to get their input on billers input. 
Interview billers to get input on the importance of security and understand what they are willing to pay for. 
Interview sales to understand how often security comes up in their conversations
5 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Product Marketing, Sales?
RFPs?
Support
We will have an alternative solution for billers who are not willing or not capable of supporting MFA. 
Interview security to understand what options could be available for billers who cannot support 2 factor MFA.
Interview support/CSM to understand what level of support should be provided for these scenarios
Interview engineering to understand how we can support MFA non-adopters while complying with security requirements. 
4 weeks
Zach, Anita, Stephen, Randy, Adrian
Feasibility
All biller portal users will have the ability to do a 2 step verification process. 
Interview CSM & client services to understand any biller limitations or concerns they feel billers will bring up. 
Work with product marketing to get input from billers on whether this can be supported across the board. 
Pendo survey to collect feedback from biller
Do all billers have emails that can be used outside of their company? 
Could we send a code to their cell? What if they don’t have a cell?
What other requirements may be needed?
4 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Nathan
Competitive Advantage
Using MFA security will be a standard practice used by all of our competitors.
Meet with product marketing to understand which of our competitors are already using this and how it's working. We should also identify which competitors are not using it as it would give us a competitive advantage. 
Identify list of competitors and look for demos that may be online
Meet with Sales to understand if this comes up in their discussions and whether there are RFPs that we’ve lost due to any types of compliance
4 weeks
Nathan
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that billers will be eager to sign up for. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
Are there options that could be bundled into MFA to extend their sign in time in the system, less clicks, time savings opportunities that could bring value to billers so that they would be eager to be an early adopter. 
Interview CSM & support to understand what features would bring value to increase early adoption. 
Interview billers - identify the right billers is key - variety of billers from their enterprise, smaller billers, mid-MFA level. Insurance/utilities
4-6 weeks
Nathan, Stephen, Anita
RFPs
Engineering
We will have a “lite” biller portal option for billers who cannot support 2 factor authentication. 
validate whether we could strip down access for users to meet compliance
1 week
Security, Randy, Adrian, Tony
Compliance
Billers who have access to any card data will be required to use MFA. 
Billers will work with their PCI compliance provider to understand Compliance 4.0 will require MFA. 
Interview security to understand if only seeing 4 digit card data requires compliance. Is it possible to reduce it to the last 2 digits to avoid compliance requirements?
Interview engineers to understand the level of effort this would require to restrict to less than 4 digits. 
Interview support to understand the impact to billers and what other alternatives might be useful. 
1 week
Zach, Randy, Adrian, Stephen, Anita
Compliance
MFA will be a requirement for all billers who have a log in for the BP. 
Interview security to understand the requirements and any loop holes that may be available. 
1 week
Zach
Compliance
MFA will be out of scope of the SSO process. 
Need to rule out there will not be any issues if a biller is using SSO.  
2 weeks
?
Compliance
Billers will be willing to adopt MFA because its being required by PCI compliance. 
We need to collect feedback to understand if the compliance messaging will drive adoption - or if it is a limited driver. (Pendo, CS, CSMs, Sales)
3 weeks
PM, Anita, Stephen, Sales
Cost Analysis
Building an internal MFA solution will be cheaper to implement than using an outside solution. 
Need to pull some data to understand what the costs would be to send data (texts or emails) and compare those costs to what an outside service would charge per biller  
4 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Changes are being made within the biller portal which could cause an issue with folks using the BP. This could be a big deal because all billers use the BP and have multiple users. 
Support will also experience an increase in cases because this is a new process and may have bugs to work out. 
If emails are sent from our system, there could be a delay which would be a significant challenge for our billers to get logged into the BP. 
This will be a large volume of emails/texts that will be sent out for MFA, there could likely be load issues with the increase in volumes. 
There will likely be some bumps along the way and billers may express concerns thru NPS which could result in negative reviews. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime within the BP. Look for ways for this to be turned on/off on a per biller basis. 
Work with support to identify all possible scenarios where tickets or calls will be generated and be proactive in addressing those prior to launch. 
Put a plan together to test/manage large amount of data being sent out by email/text to confirm the system can handle the additional volumes expected. 
Determine plan if emails or texts are delayed for MFA login so billers can get logged in. Any details in logging in will result in a influx of calls/tickets/low NPS. 
Determine plan for how/whether we need to address concerns with negative NPS scores. 
3 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, NPS manager, 
Future proofing
Support SSO in the future
The MFA process will eventually be required for the agent connect portal. 
Need to develop phase 2 plan
3 weeks
PM, Engineering, security, Stephen, Anita. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3287253019/Action+Plan+Template+-+MFA+-+Angie