Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
There will not be any changes to our security for synching our batch close process. 
Validate with the team to confirm whether the areas we are changing will impact any security concerns. 
2 weeks
Project team
Pricing
This will significantly improve the reconciliation process. This is current painpoint so I’m not sure if billers will be willing to pay for this service. Billers expect that there will be minimal reconciliation issues and would not be willing to pay for this service. 
Interview support and CSMs to get their input on billers thoughts. I don’t think billers will be willing to pay for this separately. I think its an expectation for them that the batch and deposits match. 
2 weeks
Stephen, Anita, 
Support
This will eliminate Support calls and tickets for batch and deposits not matching. 
Interview Support to understand how many tickets/calls they receive for reconciliation issues and what the impact would be if the batch and deposits match each day.  
4 weeks
Anita, Stephen, 
Feasibility
We will be able to reconcile the open batch to confirm the total transactions and total $ amount match between Chase and InvoiceCloud. If the totals do not match, changes will be made to the batch before its setttled to confirm the batch and deposit are aligned. 
Interview Engineering to determine the best path forward for syncing batches with Chase. 
Determine process for when batches are out of sync 
Determine when/if Support needs to be involved with batch closing.
5 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Anita, Stephen
Competitive Advantage
Billers expect to have an easy way to reconcile transactions. Being able to successfully sync batches each day would be a selling point for customers. 
Meet with product marketing to understand if reconciliation is an issue with our competitors.  
Interview sales to understand if this could be something that we highlight to billers. Is this something that comes up often with their current provider? 
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that billers will be happy about. Billers will be pleased with batches that are synced. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change will bring. 
simplified reconciliation
Saving time and effort
4-6 weeks
Nathan, 
Engineering
We will be able to successfully sync batches between IC and Chase each day which will result in the batch reporting matching their deposit amounts.  
Interview engineers to understand whether we sync at IC or on the Chase side. 
Interview engineers to understand what the process could be when the batch totals that IC has on file do not match what Chase has on file.  
Interview Support to gain their perspective and any scenarios that should be considered when the batches do not match. 
4 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Tony, 
Compliance
Compliance requirements will not change as we are not making changes to how we store information today. 
Interview security/engineering to validate that the changes we are making during the batch sync update 
2 weeks
Zach, Randy, Adrian
Cost Analysis
Building the batch sync project internally will be less expensive to implement than using an outside solution. 
Because this update will require familiarity with our system and our integration with Chase, inside developers can complete the work sooner than an outsourced company. There could be an opportunity to engage the India team.   
4 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Changes are being made to the batch close process which is tied to funding. These changes would need to be turned on by MID so we have the ability to roll back should an issue pop up. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime as this change is implemented. 
We would require a roll back plan/ability to turn this on by MID as we being this update. 
3 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, NPS manager, 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3471376385/Action+Plan+-+Batch+Sync