Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
All existing security measures that we have in place will meet our needs for processing Canadian transactions. 
There will not be any additional security requirements that will need to be added to support Canadian processing.  
We will be able to add staff in Canada and meet govt requirements. 
The current security training programs that all employees attend will be sufficient to also support Canadian processing. 
Interview security team to validate concerns that will need to be addressed from a security perspective for processing Canadian transactions and compliance training needs. 
Validate what is needed to establish an entity in Canada and hire employees 
2 weeks
Security - Zach Howlett
Requirements for operating a business in Canada must be met.
Pricing
Billers will be willing to pay a premium for the ability to process transactions in both the US and Canada.  
Interview support and CSMs to get their input on Canadian requests. 
Interview leadership to understand appetite for Canadian processing. 
Interview sales to understand how often Canadian pricing comes up in their conversations
5 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Product,  Sales?
RFPs?
Support
We will be able to add Canadian zip codes and Canadian dollars in our system to support one platform for viewing US & Canadian accounts. 
We will be able to support Canadian processing within our current support structure. (onboarding, support)
There will not be any additional requirements to consider as we move towards a Payfac model and consider Canadian processing. 
We will be able to hire and retain french speaking employees to help support french canadaian billers. 
Interview Engineering to understand what changes would be needed to support Canadian boarding, processing and funding. 
Interview Chase/Sara to understand how many changes would need to be made to support Canadian processing under the Payfac model. 
Interview support/CSM to understand what level of support should be provided and whether those support folks would need to be french speaking. 
5 weeks
HR, Chase/Sara, Anita, Stephen, Randy, Adrian
Need to understand the FTE support needed and whether they need to reside in Canada. 
Feasibility
Our systems will support Canadian processing with limited changes required. ($ conversion, address) 
There will not be any technical resource restrictions if we have employees located in Canada. 
We will be able to deposit funding into a Canadian bank account. 
We will be able to support having our websites in french to meet canadian needs. 
We will be able to route french speaking billers to the appropriate french support teams for assistance. 
 
Interview CSM & client services to understand any biller limitations or concerns they feel billers will bring up. Also understand how often the request to process in canada comes up. 
Interview security/engineering to understand any technical concerns or restrictions if employees are located in Canada. 
Interview engineering and finance to identify concerns and development needed to support processing and funding in canadian dollars. 
Interview Ryan/Anita to understand whether we should have our portals/communications available in french for these billers. 
Interview person responsible for phone routing/Anita to understand whether we can have an IVR that routes french callers to french support. 
6 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Randy, Adrian, TeNeice, Ryan, IVR 
Competitive Advantage
Being able to offer Canadian processing as an option will open the door to new partners who have billers in Canada. 
Meet with product marketing to understand which of our competitors are already doing this and how it's working. We should also identify which competitors are not using it as it would give us a competitive advantage. 
Identify list of competitors and look for demos that may be online
Meet with Sales to understand if this comes up in their discussions and whether there are RFPs that we’ve lost due to not offering canadian processing.
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that partners and billers will be eager to sign up for. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
4-6 weeks
Nathan
Engineering
We will be able to use the same processing platforms with Chase that we do today to process Canadian transactions. 
 We will be able to use the same processing platforms with Chase that we do today to fund to Canadian bank accounts. 
validate the changes needed to support this initiative. 
Confirm we would be able to use the same platform that we currently use or would it need to be different? 
2 weeks
Randy, Adrian, Martin
Compliance
The same PCI compliance standards will apply to Canadian processing. 
There will not be any compliance changes or employee training for compliance that will be required to support Canadian processing. 
We will be able to closely monitor PCI compliance changes that effect Canadian merchants and implement solutions to meet those needs, 
Interview compliance to understand if there are any additional PCI compliance things that we need to consider for canadian processing. 
Validate that the current PCI compliance training that all employees participate in will work for canadian employees. 
Confirm we have a person responsible for following the network updates that can be implemented as changes occur.  
3 weeka
Cassandra?, Zach?, Sara
Cost Analysis
Building out the changes needed to support Canadian processing will be cheaper to implement than using an outside solution. 
Need to understand the scale of changes needed then identify whether its less expensive do to the work internally. 
5 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Changes will likely be made within the biller portal which could cause an issue with folks using the BP. This could be a big deal because all billers use the BP and have multiple users. 
Changes will likely be made in our processing systems and could cause an issue for billers processing payments. 
Support will also experience an increase in cases because this is a new process and may have bugs to work out. 
There will likely be some bumps along the way and billers may express concerns thru NPS which could result in negative reviews. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime within the BP. Look for ways for this to be turned on/off on a per biller basis. 
Work with support to identify all possible scenarios where tickets or calls will be generated and be proactive in addressing those prior to launch. 
Put a plan together to testcalls being routed to the appropriate teams for french speaking support - if thats the route we take. 
Determine plan for how/whether we need to address concerns with negative NPS scores. 
4 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, NPS manager, 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3450208257/Action+Plan+-+Canadian+Processing