Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
This is assuming that Commerce Center includes the Orbital replacement, new reporting updates as well as paymetechonline. 
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
There will not be any additional security requirements that will need to be added as we transition over to the Chase Commerce Center. 
Interview security team to validate there is no action needed for us to migrate over to Chases new platform. 
2 weeks
Security - Zach Howlett
Pricing
Billers will be willing to pay a premium for the ability to access additional reporting in the commerce center. 
Validate which additional services this will provide and whether those could be upsold. 
Interview support and CSMs to get their input as to how many billers use paymentech online and whether we could upsell this service.  
Determine if there are other ways to offer this as a value add for more $. Ties into consolidated funding/payfac. 
5 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Ryan/Steve
Support
Support may see an increase in cases if something changes with transactions or there are hiccups. 
Support may receive questions from billers using paymentech online if commerce center replaces this and they are forced to switch over. 
Support will be able to pull additional reporting to meet their needs instead of sending requests to Mark at Chase. 
Get updated list from Mark at Chase to understand how many billers use paymentech today and what its used for. 
Interview Support to understand whether we would want to upsell billers or migrate existing users over to the new reporting. 
Validate that support would benefit from pulling additional date within the commerce center reporting. 
5 weeks
Anita, Stephen, Vicki, Randy, Adrian
 
Feasibility
This will only require us to make changes to the authorization side of our system. 
There will not be a user impact for support or billers. 
There will not be any downtime experienced as we make this transition. 
New API reporting will be easy for users to pull data themselves. 
 
Interview engineering to understand level of impact to support and billers as we migrate to this new authorization platform. 
Confirm with engineering what the migration process will look like and whether we anticipate any downtime. 
Interview engineering to understand whether this API reporting will be an option for support to use or whether it will just be Gary’s & DB teams. 
3 weeks
 Randy, Adrian, Martin, Anita, Vicki 
Competitive Advantage
Usimg commerce center will allow us to have the latest bells and whisles for our authorizations and having access to reporting. This will allow us access to reporting data faster than we have today. 
Interview product marketing to understand how we can position these internatl updates to the market to create a comepetive analysis. 
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that partners and billers will be eager to sign up for. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
4-6 weeks
Nathan
Engineering
The new platform will be relatively easy to transition to.
There will be minimal impact to internal teams and billers. 
This new platform will work as expected when development is completed.  
validate the complexity of the changes to our platform and understand the risks. 
Interview engineering to understand the potential impact to internal teams and billers. 
Interview engineering to understand the risks and a rollback plan in the event of significant issues.  
3 weeks
Randy, Adrian, Martin
Compliance
The changes that will be required to be made will fall into our current compliance requirements. 
Interview engineering to understand whether the changes that are being made will impact any compliance areas. 
2 weeks
Randy, Adrian, Martin, Cassandra
Cost Analysis
Building out the changes needed to support Commerce Center will be cheaper to implement than using an outside solution. 
Explore options whether this is something that WT-India could assist with or whether its something that needs to be driven by internal WT team.  
 6 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Changes made to the authorization process will introduce risk. All Chase transactions will be authorized thru Chase so if there is an issue with migration, payments will be impacted. We need a roll back plan. 
 If there an issue, Support will also experience an increase in cases as we work to resolve the issue. 
We will be pulling reporting via APIs so there could be a lack of training and understanding of what data is available and how we get this information. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any potential downtime. 
We also need a rollback plan in the event of an emergency and transactions aren’t authorizing. 
We need to ensure we create documentation for those who will be pulling reporting so users are trained.  
4 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3463086081/Action+Plan+-+Chase+Commerce+Center+Orbital+Replacement