Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
This change will not impact our current security requirements. 
Pricing
This is not an added feature that billers would be willing to pay for. This will be a behind the scenes change which will improve the way we handle adding new ACH processors and when we are required to make changes to our existing ACH reject process.  
Interview engineering to understand how often we add new providers or how often changes are required to each processor. 
1 week
Randy Adrian
Support
This solution will reduce the amount of work needed to be done within the engineering team. 
Interview engineering to understand more details around how long it takes to make updates/add new providers. 
2 weeks
Randy, Adrian
Feasibility
Creating a standard platform for ACH reject processing would allow us to make changes across the board and easily onboard new providers. 
Interview engineering to understand what changes would need to be made and in which systems. 
Also need to understand if those changes are made, will there be any downtime. 
4 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian
Competitive Advantage
There is limited competitive advantage as this is just an internal architecture change to better utilize internal resources. 
Desirability
The engineering team would like to streamline this process to reduce the level of effort to support these processes. 
Engineering
Creating a standard platform for ACH reject processing would allow us to make changes across the board and easily onboard new providers. 
Interview Engineering to understand how much time savings we can get from this project. 
Also need to understand how much time we currently spend on this project
Are there other changes within the ACH framework that should also be included in this project for future planning? 
5 weekw
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Tony
Compliance
We don’t anticipate any impact to compliance. 
Cost Analysis
Building out the changes internally will be most cost effective than outsourcing this project.  
The team who is currently supporting this will be able to speak to the challenges and duplicate efforts involved to help build a better solution. 
3 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Need to understand that with making these changes to the ACH Reject processes will there be a risk that ACH reject processing will be done? 
This would be something that would a slow roll out so in the event of an issue, we could roll it back. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any potential downtime within this change.  
Work with support to identify all possible scenarios where tickets or calls will be generated and be proactive in addressing those prior to launch. 
3 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, NPS manager, 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3489595393/Action+Plan+Template+-+ACH+Reject+Rearchitecture