Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
There will not be any changes to our security/compliance by using tokenization. We will not be changing the way we store data today. 
Interview security/engineering/Sara to validate there will not be any changes that we need to make to our current security processes with this update.  
2 weeks
Security - Zach Howlett, Martin, Randy, Adrian, Sara
Pricing
Billers will be willing to pay a premium for the additional benefits that tokenization brings.  
We will save approx $400k per year by tokenizing transactions at the Network level. 
Interview support and CSMs to get their input on billers thoughts. I don’t think billers will be willing to pay for this separately but could be willing to pay a little more as tokenization will bring more close sales.  
Interview sales to understand how often tokenization comes up in their conversations
5 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Sales?
RFPs?
Support
This change will be transparent to the biller. 
Tokenization will increase authorization conversion at the time of checkout. 
Expiration dates will be updated once tokenization thru the networks is set up. This will help with minimizing any updates to cards on files when they expire. 
Interview engineering to understand if any changes to processing transactions will be made and how billers/payers will be impacted. 
Interview Sara to confirm network tokenization will also bring account updater. 
Interview Marketing to understand if we have any documentation around authorization conversions using tokenization that we could highlight to billers. 
6 weeks
Anita, Stephen, Randy, Adrian, Sara, Nathan
Feasibility
Tokenization will not have any negative impacts to billers. 
Changing our process to tokenize transactions will improve the security of our data. 
Interview Engineering to confirm billers will not be impacted as we tokenize transactions. Will payers need to pass along additional data?  
Interview security/engineering to understand how our security could be improved as we implement this process. 
5 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Security
Competitive Advantage
Tokenization is the industry norm. Billers expect that we use tokenization. By not using it we are at a competitive disadvantage. 
Meet with product marketing to understand if any large competitors are not using tokenization. 
Interview sales to understand if this could be something that we highlight to billers once we use tokens. 
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that billers will be happy about. The market is changing, and billers expect that their partners are keeping up with the latest technology. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
Closing more authorizations
Convenient for payers. 
Reduces fraud 
4-6 weeks
Nathan, Stephen, Anita
RFPs
Engineering
Tokenizing transactions will make the transactions more secure and allow payers to conveniently make payments.  
Tokenizing will also address account updater needs
validate that tokens are saved for x length of time. 
Validate that account updater will be part of this process and confirm that the CVV and expiration date will be updated as cards expire. 
4 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Tony, Chase
Compliance
Compliance requirements will not change as we are not making changes to how we store information today. 
Interview security/engineering  to validate that the changes we are making during the network tokenization update will not add any additional compliance requirements to our processes. 
2 weeks
Zach, Randy, Adrian, Sara 
Cost Analysis
Building the tokenization project internally will be less expensive to implement than using an outside solution. 
Because this update will require dev with expertise on our processes, this project will need to be developed in house. We can explore team India assisting.  
4 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
Changes are being made with the tokenization could impact recurring transactions. If this occurs and is not addressed immediately, funding could be impacted. 
Changes made in the system may also impact all transactions. This would be a significant issue should this occur. This would add calls and additional cases to Support as well.  This could also impact processing and funding of transactions. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime as this change is implemented. 
We would require a roll back plan/ability to turn this on by MID as we being this update. 
Extensive testing to understand what the scenarios are that will be addressed with account updater will be helpful.  
Determine plan if any transactions are impacted. Any details in logging in will result in a influx of calls/tickets/low NPS. 
3 weeks
Engineering, PM, Anita, Stephen, NPS manager, 
Future proofing
New billers who onboard will automatically be set up using tokenization. Existing billers will be slowly updated. 
Determine which occurs first - new billers are onboarded to tokenized processing or migrate a few existing customers first. 
6 weeks
PM, Engineering,  Stephen, Anita. Boarding, Sara
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3467182108/Action+Plan+-+Network+Tokenization