Components of a Good Hypothesis
What’s
 the idea you are testing?
What specific & measurable 
impact 
do we expect the idea to have?
Who 
do you expect it to impact?
By 
how much
 will it make an impact?
After 
how long
 (will it make an impact)?
Category
Hypothesis (Examples)
Plan
Timeline
Stakeholder
Dependencies
Security
There will not be any changes to our security/compliance when we move to the boarding API. This will be the screening process for Chase.  
Interview security/engineering/Sara to validate there will not be any changes that we need to make to our current security processes with this update.  
2 weeks
Security - Zach Howlett, Martin, Randy, Adrian, Sara
Pricing
Billers may be willing to pay a premium for the faster onboarding as they will be able to go live sooner. 
There will be a significant time savings for boarding since billers will be entering their own information in the system. 
Interview product marketing to understand what billers may be willing to pay for. 
Interview boarding to understand the current process, and interview engineering to understand what the future boarding process will involve.   
Interview sales to understand how often billers want to get onboarded quickly.
5 weeks
Stephen, Anita, Sales, Nathan
Support
Boarding may get additional questions on the boarding process from billers. 
We will be able to easily update banking and address changes thru the new billing API. 
We will be able to design a onboarding wizard for customer facing billers to enter their information to be consumed by IC/Chase for onboarding approval. 
 
Interview and loop in Boarding so the boarding wizard is built to be very customer centric. 
Interview boarding/engineering to understand requirements around bank changes/address updates. 
Interview Support to understand if any of these changes will impact their team. 
Interview boarding to understand the process and engage design to help pull a user friendly design together for a wizard. 
4 weeks
Anita, Stephen, Randy, Adrian, Sara, Courtney, Design 
Feasibility
The boarding API will be an easy process  Changing our process to use the boarding API with Chase will significantly reduce the time it takes to board/approve billers.  
Interview Chase/Engineering to confirm the steps needed to board billers using the API. 
Interview Chase/engineering/boarding to understand the steps needed to make address and banking updates. 
Are there other changes that need to be made and can they be made thru the API
How will we communicate those changes have been made back to the biller?
5 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Chase. Courtney, Anita/Stephen
Competitive Advantage
Use the boarding API will give us a competitive advantage because we can get billers live faster. The boarding process will reduce by nearly 10 business days.  
By getting billers live faster, we also begin earning money sooner. 
Meet with product marketing to understand how we could highlight this change to prospects. 
Interview sales to understand how valuable this will be to billers. 
Engage appropriate teams so they are aware of turnaround times and can project revenue accurately based on shortened boarding times. 
4 weeks
Nathan, Sales, Implementation? 
Desirability
We will develop a strong value proposition that billers will be happy about. When billers make the decision to change, they want a fast and easy process. 
Work with product marketing to highlight the value this change would bring. 
Quicker onboarding
Earning revenue sooner
4-6 weeks
Nathan, 
Engineering
The boarding API will replace our existing manual onboarding process and bring a significant time savings for boarding as well as onboarding/approving billers faster. 
The boarding API will also reduce the paperwork flow for banking and address changes as these can now be sent via the API. 
A new biller facing boarding wizard will be created so billers can enter their own information which will be submitted thru the API. 
validate what data will need to be passed thru the boarding API. 
Need to investigate existing boarding wizards to help create a user friendly process for billers to enter their information. 
Need to understand how changes will be passed back and forth with Chase thru the API.  
8 weeks
Martin, Randy, Adrian, Chase, Sara, Courtney
Compliance
Compliance requirements will not change as we will be sending less information to Chase than we do today. 
We will not be storing any new personal information so there will not be any changes to compliance requirements. 
Interview security/engineering to validate that there will not be any changes to the data we store. 
Validate whether any additional changes will be needed as we pass data thru the APIs. 
2 weeks
Zach, Randy, Adrian, Courtney
Cost Analysis
Building the boarding API project internally will be less expensive to implement than using an outside solution. 
validate whether this is something that could be supported by another team? Could this be a project that team India works on? 
4 weeks
PM, Engineering
Risk Analysis
If the boarding API is down, we will not be able to pass information back and forth to Chase. This will create a delay in onboarding billers or making updates to their accounts. Is there a back up process that we could use should this occur? 
If the APIs are not functioning correctly at the time of roll out, we need to establish a plan to continue business as usual until the issue is resolved. 
Need to build out all risk scenarios to minimize any downtime as this change is implemented. 
We would require a roll back plan should there be significant issues at the time of roll out.  
3 weeks
Engineering, PM, Courtney
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3470196737/Action+Plan+-+Boarding+API