Runbook name
Administering weekly Internal & Customer status calls
Description
Recommended format for running weekly internal and customer project status calls
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
 
 
1
Created page
8/8/24
Mgreer
2
Added targeted technical and product calls
 
 
3
Made updates to page structure and internal/customer status calls
Summary
This article documents the standard format for conducting various types of project calls. 
Types of Project Related Calls
Project Status Calls
Project status calls provide an opportunity for project stakeholders and the project manager (IM if no PM assigned) to sync on project status, open RAID items, blockers, and next steps.  
Internal Status Call
The internal status call should be considered a dry run for the customer status call. This is typically required for larger more complex projects that involve a project manager.  These may be required for IM led projects as well depending upon requirements.  The audience of this call is the IM, PM, and if there are open technical items the SE, or the developer working on an issue.  Product, legal, marketing, and other departments should join an internal call if open/unresolved items are still pending. 
Attendees are defined at PM’s discretion, but it's recommended to include all internal project stakeholders who are involved in the current or upcoming project phases.  Meetings should be quick, ideally 15-30 minutes, and should follow the below format.
Internal Status Call Agenda
Get updates from each stakeholder - Stakeholders should report on what was done since last internal status, what’s upcoming, and are there any blockers.
Review/update project schedule in SmartSheet.
Review RAID log
Review open items and ensure each item has a due date and that we’re on track.
Review/update project status report located in SmartSheet.
Review/update Project tracking milestones
Review/update upcoming actions
Q&A
Send out meeting notes or Gong recording.
Customer Status Call
Project status calls are crucial for maintaining transparent communication, aligning with customer expectations, addressing concerns promptly, and ensuring ongoing collaboration to achieve project success. For InvoiceCloud, the PM and the IM should always attend.  If either cannot join, a supporting person should join in case the client has questions. There must be a plan in place to cover people out of office.  
Customer status calls should be ideally held weekly and include all key project stakeholders on the InvoiceCloud and customer side.
Customer Status Call Agenda
Review Project status report in SmartSheet.
Review Project 
RAG
 status.  If not green, explain why, and review path to green.  
 See here for more detail on RAG criteria
Project RAG Status & Project State definitions
 
Review recent project 
accomplishments
 in terms of milestones achieved in the “Project Tracking” section.
Highlight upcoming project 
milestones
 you want the biller to stay focused on.
Review important 
upcoming tasks
 listed in the “Upcoming Tasks” section.  This lists next 10 tasks from project schedule.
Review of 
RAID
 log.  Quick review of open items and next steps.  
Maintaining Project RAID Log
 
Review any other
 hot topics
.  
Remind biller of the number of 
days left to go-live
 and the 
go-live date
.
Q&A
Send out copy of meeting notes or Gong recording, and status report to attendees.
Monthly Stakeholder
 
Call
Project stakeholder/steering committee calls are essential for strategic decision-making, aligning project objectives with organizational goals, and providing leadership guidance to ensure successful project outcomes.  These calls should be kept at a high level.  If multiple players are engaged in the project (e.g., a System Integrator, a CIS, a Consulting firm), make sure that the items presented during Steering Co, align with the other vendors.  IC attendees include VP of Implementations, Vertical Director and PM Director.  On the client side, only execs & project lead participate (decision makers).
Steering Call Agenda
Review Project Stakeholder Report based on the Project Steering Committee template.  (see template in below artifacts section.
Q&A/Open Floor
Send out copy of notes, or Gong recording, and Stakeholder report to attendees.
Other Project Calls
Multi-phased Project Support Calls
For large projects that are multi-phase, or multiple Go Lives, in scope, PMs will need to be informed of any support issues the customer is experiencing an earlier phase as they could impact the go-live for a subsequent phase.  The PM should attend the weekly support call that is hosted and run by support, typically a Transition Success Manager (TSM).  The format for the weekly calls is as follows:
Targeted technical calls
 
At any time during the life of the project, technical challenges will arise.  The first line of support for any technical questions or issues is the IM. If the IM needs assistance, then the SE assigned to the project is consulted.  During one of the internal calls, or, a one-time meeting can be set up so the IM can explain to the SE what the issues are and either get an answer from the SE that can be transmitted to the client or a decision is made that a targeted technical call is needed.  A developer may join if the SE determines it is needed.
Targeted Product calls
At any time during the life of the project, the client may ask for a product change or enhancement.  The IM must be able to articulate and define the change requested by the client. The IM should discuss the request with Implementations SMEs and their Director/leader before submitting a product change.  If the SME group decides the change request needs to proceed, the IM opens a product request via CRM and attends the next product meeting to review and sponsor the item.  The PM should assist the IM with this process and follow up the change request via RAID log.  If the client has multiple changes, then a targeted product internal call may be needed.  At PMs' discretion, a targeted, internal product call can be set up.
The PM is responsible for keeping the client updated on project requests approved or declined. 
Vendors calls
 
Before kicking off a project the PM is responsible for meeting (when possible) all vendors involved in the project and who impact the IC project.  Vendors include but are not limited to:
The billing system (CIS). Meet with this vendor before kick-off to check:
Is the CIS already installed and ready to integrate with IC?
Does the CIS need updates while or before IC starts work?
Does the CIS have the resources and willingness to collaborate on the project?
What is their schedule? Can they go live at the same time IC is forecasting?
Will they share their schedule and /or join IC project meetings?
Who is the PM/ contact person and how will you stay in touch weekly (or so)
What are the vendor’s deliverables/milestones that impact IC’s schedule?
The most important thing is to build a positive relationship with the vendor, get on the same page regarding go-live date, inspire a spirit of trust and transparency, and set up a direct channel of communications.  It’s highly recommended to set up a “vendors only” to be on the same page.
System Integrator - Consultants calls
.  Many projects include third party vendor who help the client installing a billing system, developing their web portals or managing projects.  It is imperative to build a relationship with these players. Identify the PM, their motivations, prioritites, and align on milestones and go live date.  Remember that these vendors have direct impact on go-live date. You must stay n touch with them and make them part of a “vendors only” call. 
Artifacts Used
Item
Description
Location
1
Project Notes
Primary artifact used by PMs to keep project notes and handle agendas and minutes.
Project Notes for PMs
 
2
RAID Log
Artifact that tracks project risks, actions, issues, and decisions.  See 
Maintaining Project RAID Log
 
SmartSheet project
3
Steering Committee Report
Used by PMs to report high level project status during Steering Co meetings. 
Steering Committee Deck - Template PPT
4
Internal Alignment meeting - Engineering
Internal IC call between PMs, Directors and Engineering leaders to review open JIRAs  (INT) that need escalations or review for ongoing projects
Weekly Alignment Meetings Engineering JIRAs
 
5
Project Status Report
SmartSheet artifact called Project Dashboard.
SmartSheet
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3107815425/Administering+project+calls