Below is a list of AI use cases provided by product.  These can be used to help define platform component requirements and or AI POC projects.
Payer Chatbot (Ask Bill)
:
 How are we providing an experience that can understand a payer's intent and interact with them to pay a bill & answer most common questions? And can we have it consume biller FAQs, the billers' websites, etc. to answer common customer questions (What are your hours?)
Conveyance
:
 How can we better match name changes (John & Mary Smith = Smith, John & Mary), interpret nicknames, etc. to make sure we don't improperly convey an account?  There was some work done in this space.  Need to review Miguel's prpject assets.
Online Bank Direct (Quick Win)
:
 Improve our matching algorithm and learning ability by adding AI to it
Recommended Adoption Plan
:
 Can we look across our customer base and see if there are recommended setups (CRM settings) to customers that achieve higher adoption than others?  Biller settings.  Compare billers, trends, and make recommendations to biller to improve adoption. 
Multilingual: 
Can GenAI accelerate any of our goals? Maybe email template translation?  Need to verify the translations (legal content).  Payer facing.  
Right Message, Right Channel, Right Time:
 
Learn the optimal time and method to reach out to people to get them to pay digitally - something like this 
https://ophelos.com/how-it-works
 
Personalization of checkout flow:
 Prioritize messages, payment methods, and content that makes the payer most likely to convert.  Suggest most used payment methods.  Payment reminders.  
Analytics for billers
:
 Provide real-time updates about billing patterns including % bills on time, how long payments are outstanding, identify anomalies, identify potential fraud.
Drive Checkout: Increase payer conversion rates using AI and history data
Biller Report Generator
: Allow a biller to ask for the reports that they want to see.
Internal efficiency improvements: 
Everything from fixing bug issues within code & creating a PR, to documentation updates, to tracing error sources, non-performant code, etc.
Bug Resolver:
 Analyze support cases generated since the prior release and suggest bug fixes by reviewing each PR in the deployment.
Automate nightly data checks and onboard new customers through AI based on learning all the types of data and patterns we accept
Onboarding
: Implementations, biller configurations
PDF Extraction: OCR, moving fields, can AI be used to resolve field mappings and movements
Help us understand all the different ways our customers are configured so we can target fix specific hotspots but also create realistic enterprise personas
Automate release note generation for internal and external audiences.
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/3489267740/AI+Product+Use+Cases+-+PRJ