 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
Currently we don’t offer Amazon Pay as a method of payment for billers. This is a common question that we receive as part of RFPs and also from billers. Since we offer ApplePay and Google Pay, adding Amazin Pay would check the boxes in terms of digital payment questions that typically arise There is a segment of payers who would appreciate the convenience of using their Amazon Pay to make payments for their utility bills. 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
We receive questions periodically about accepting Amazon Pay as a payment method and we currently don’t have the ability for payers to make a payment using Amazon Pay. 
Some of the key benefits to supporting Amazon Pay are as follows: 
Additional payment method that closes the gap on wallet payments. We currently accept Apple Pay, Venmo, Paypal, and Google Pay. Adding Amazon Pay will close that gap. 
Competitive advantage to offer this payment method
Allows Amazon customers to use their existing amazon account to make purchases on other websites
Creates a similar checkout experience for payers who are amazon customers making it easy for them to make payments
 
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We can track how many billers have signed up for this feature as well as the number of payments made thru Amazon Pay. 
Metric
Current
Goal
Can we track the number of billers who signed up for Amazon Pay as a method payment?
[TBD]
Track the number of payers who use Amazon Pay as a method of payment
[TBD]
[TBD]
[TBD]
 Solution Alignment
Work with Adrian to create a scope doc and link here:
Key Features
Information
Process status
Clear indicators of process success/failure (files, OBD, etc)
Adoption
Payments over time: similar to information provided today
Service adoption over time, including “recent signups”
Scrolling list of positive feedback received from biller’s payers
Announcements
Better integrate biller message banner into homepage
New or upcoming product releases
Invoice Cloud updates, similar to Cloud Burst?
Calls to action
Setup wizard; account completion
Alerts, issues to be resolved (files, OBD, etc)
Commonly used features
Based on analytics, allow billers to create shortcuts to most used pages
Personality
Quote of the day?  Bob’s tidbits?
 Schedule Structure
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2834235393/Amazon+Pay+One+Pager