Epic Link: 
OptBlue Migration Project
 
:flag_on:
atlassian-flag_on
:flag_on:
#FFF0B3
Maintain this section throughout the life of the project
Project Status
 Smooth Sailing!
 We are here as of 
 Dark Clouds Above
 Bad Things, Man
Phase
Discovery
Coding/Testing
Ext Comm
Deployment
Monitoring
Status
In Progress
Green
 
Not STARTED
Red
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
Not STARTED
Red
 
not STARTED
Red
 
Est Completion
 
 
 
 
 
:speaking_head:
1f5e3
🗣️
#ABF5D1
Prepare this section for the review meeting
Date Review Meeting:
We will cover: 
The problem and our objective
Our approach for addressing this objective
Research to support visibility 
draft of project timeline
 Problem Alignment
Our American Express contract will expire in June 2024. Amex has notified us that they will no longer be working directly with billers to support Amex processing. Going forward, we will need to either move billers to OptBlue or transition to their aggregator model.  The organization has decided that we will transition all Chase billers to the OptBlue platform, and the Braintree billers will be migrated to the aggregator model. This project will focus on the migration of billers/onboarding of new billers to the Optblue platform. 
Our legacy Amex program will be going away. Therefore, billers will need to be migrated to another platform to be able to continue accepting Amex transactions. 
There will be 2 main components of this program:
Migrating existing billers to the Optblue platform
Onboarding new billers to the new Optblue platform
Billers will be migrated in chunks similar to our OBD migration. We expect to onboard/migrate 20-50 billers prior to focusing on larger segments for migration. Most billers typically reconcile at month end. To minimize reconciliation concerns, we will focus on migrating large chunks of billers at the end of the month. We will need to migrate our beta billers within the month so we can quickly identify and address any unexpected issues.  
This migration will be a welcome change to billers. Their Amex funding will now be included with their credit card & ACH deposits from Chase. 
Amex has extended our migration requirements to the end of 2025. As a reminder, here is some data related to our current Amex processing volume.   
Total 
Amex transactions 
Processed in 2023: 1.4M transactions.
Total Annual 
Amex Sales volume 
Processed in 2023: $600M in sales volume
Total 
Amex net revenue 
generated in 2023: #4.5M net revenue
 Objective
The objective of this project is to build out the ability to support the OptBlue model and migrate billers who be staying on Chase to this platform. We will need to identify which billers should be part of the migration to OptBlue and which billers will be migrating to the aggregator model. There will also be a heavy lift to the DB team. Currently reporting is pulled directly from Amex. Once billers are migrated, their Amex reporting data will be included in the existing Chase reporting. A large part of this project will be reviewing the reporting and ensuring that we extract the same AmEx data that we receive today from the Chase reports. Since this migration is impacting the funding process, we will need to communicate the benefits of this change to our portfolio. This will also simplify the onboarding process. Billers won’t need to apply separately through Amex. 
We need to make some changes within the CRM to support this change, so everyone has visibility into which Amex platform the biller is on. Reporting for amex transactions will no longer come from Amex so we will need to make changes to ensure we are extracting that same data from the Chase reports to ensure a smooth migration. We will need to manage the migration schedule along with Finance to ensure our reporting is aligned appropriately. 
Reconciliation is often a primary concern of our billers. This is another step towards improving that issue. Amex transactions will be deposited with the same batch as their other credit card transactions, making reconciliation easier for our billers. We will also be managing the Amex chargebacks in the same way we handle other card brands, again easing the burden off our billers. For new billers, the onboarding experience for accepting Amex transactions will be faster since it will be included with their other cardbrands. 
Our objectives are: 
Make necessary changes internally to support the OptBlue platform 
Update reporting to ensure we are extracting data from the Chase reports to align with what we collect today from Amex
Define list of billers to be migrated to OptBlue, establish a migration plan and successfully migrate those billers
 Success Metrics
Goal
Metric
Current
Good
Great
Migrating billers 
Communicate date and migrate billers to optblue platform, confirm billers are receiving Amex funding along with other Chase deposits. 
100%
Validate Amex CBs are being processed thru Chase
Confirm CBs are being captured and reporting accurately through Chase portal
100%
Finance Reports
Successful transition from the Amex reporting to Chase reporting for monthly revenue & expense reporting
100%
Reconciliation
Reconciliation reporting needs to work as planned. 
100%
 Target Audience
Group
Impact
Chase Amex Billers who are not migrating to BT 
Existing Chase billers who accept Amex and (are not on the list to migrate to BT) will be part of this migration. Should be a win since it will bring consolidated funding for Amex transactions. 
Chase Cost Plus Billers 
Existing Chase Cost plus billers will have a negative impact - potential higher costs + change in monthly statement but they will have consolidated funding which will be an added benefit. 
Sales/Customer Success
We need to loop in Sales/Customer Success to determine cutoff date for new onboarding to Optblue and general awareness. Date TBD. 
Exclude billers who have their own processors (not using invoicecloud)
These billers will be out of scope for this project. 
 User Interaction and Design
User Research Background 
We did some extensive research to understand the impact. From a coding perspective, we will need to make some changes in the CRM to update the Amex fields. We will want to include an indicator, so users understand which Amex platform billers are using along with the timeframe. Support/implementations/boarding/sales will need details (on which program they are using) so they can support any questions around Amex transactions.  
There will also be changes needed on the reporting. Currently we pull transactional data directly from Amex. Going forward, Amex data will be sent from Chase in their standard reporting, and we will extract that data to provide financial reporting. 
There will be changes needed on the Payment Reconciliation page. Also, on the batch emails that are sent out, changes will need to be made because Amex is broken out separately.  
 Components Impacted
Amex OptBlue
Component
Impact
CRM Products Page
Update Amex Fields
General Reporting
Extract data from Chase daily reporting instead of pulling directly from Amex. 
Biller Portal Reconciliation Updates 
Changes will need to be made to the Payment Reconciliation page & updating batch emails.
Finance Monthly Report Updates 
Need to be able to pull and report on the same data post migration
 Technical Architecture
EBPP-15442
Current State:
Future State:
CB Current State:
CB Future State:
Reconciliation Current State:
Reconciliation for Future State:
 Testing Plan
In Scope
Features/tasks that will be tested
Out of Scope
Features/tasks that will not be tested
Environment/Tools
Where will this be tested and specific tool/knowledge required
Risks
What could impact this plan and mitigation plan
Resources
Any test data, files, settings needed for testing
Assumptions
What useful constraints are in place
Complete end to end testing for payments to ensure everything is working as expected.
 Validation of all Amex payment data to confirm reporting is being tracked accurately for monthly financial updates.
 
 
 
 
 Validate chargebacks are being accurately counted and summarized on reporting along with CB fees being assessed to billers 
 
 
 
 
Validate payment reconciliation reports are reporting Amex data as expected
Validate batch emails are displaying Amex/Discover in same area as other card payments that are being deposited. 
 Serviceability/Observability
Internal Visibility:
 Need to be able to easily identify which Amex plan the biller is currently on by looking at the products page in the CRM. 
:info:
atlassian-info
#B3D4FF
 Project Participants
Name
Company
Team
Role
Angie Paul
InvoiceCloud
Product
Product Manager
Adrian Izaguirre 
InvoiceCloud
Engineering
Technical Lead
Randy Torres
InvoiceCloud
Engineering
Payment Owner
Wicked Tendies Team 
InvoiceCloud
Engineering
Engineers
Sara Phelps
InvoiceCloud
Product 
Payments Leader
Vicki Jennings
InvoiceCloud
Support
Reconciliation 
Allie Priede
InvoiceCloud
Marketing
Biller Communication
Carly Champine
InvoiceCloud
Finance
Financial Reporting
Courtney Sprecher & Liana Allen
InvoiceCloud
Boarding
Onboarding 
Kelsey Tibbs
InvoiceCloud
Database
Database Updates
 Requirements
Change to rely on Jira, pull in epic details
Requirement
Importance
Jiras Linked 
Notes / Outcome
Update Product Page in CRM
Add Amex toggle to show which Amex program billers are on along with the start start/end date.  
 SE number will be blank if biller is on Optblue; must support multi SE numbers if the biller is on aggregator model
Provides details so support knows which model the biller is on and the dates. This information is critical in helping to research Amex transactions. 
EBPP-15436
[EBPP-15436] Config/Architecture Changes for OptBlue - JIRA (atlassian.net)
Ability for users to clearly see which Amex program biller is using
Update Terminal Page in CRM
There will be 3 potential Amex programs a biller would be on. We need the ability to show the program, start/end dates & SE#, Seller ID.
To manage this, a new tab will be created on the terminals screen in the CRM. 
This is critical to support all 3 Amex programs. 
[EBPP-18570] Terminal Page Changes to support optblue - JIRA (atlassian.net)
Ability to add/update Amex product being used
Database Reporting Changes
DB team will use ACT10. FIN11 Chase reporting to pull optblue amex reporting since we will no longer be pulling this information from Amex portal. 
 The DB team will need to confirm they are pulling the existing Amex reporting details from the ACT10 & FIN11 reports  to ensure we are able to accurately pull and report on Amex processing data. 
EBPP-15439
[EBPP-15439] Reporting Changes to support Amex OptBlue - JIRA (atlassian.net)
 We need to be able to report accurate Amex processing data. 
Biller Portal Reporting Updates
Amex should not be displayed separately. It will not be part of the Chase deposit so it should be included in the m/v/d totals.
We need to add Amex to the filter. 
We need to include Amex refunds and Amex CBs in the refunds and chargebacks data; right now its only pulling V/MC/D
Historical data - billers will need to see historical data prior to migration. Amex has said that billers will have access to the old Amex portal to view transactional information for 1 year. The Amex portal will display a rolling 2-year period of data. 
Add Amex to the report title since it will be included - Please note: 
ONLY
 applicable if the biller is under Optblue
Batch emails need to be updated to include Amex in the same section as other card types since it will be deposited in a single deposit. 
There are some slight changes that need to be made on the payment reconciliation report to include Amex along with the other card brands so its clear to billers its a combined deposit going forward. 
EBPP-17547
[EBPP-17547] Payment Reconcilation Report Changes to support Amex optblue - JIRA (atlassian.net)
Amex should be included with other payment brands since funding will be consolidated.
Migration Process - Phase 2 
 Competitive Analysis
 Dependencies
Contract addendum with Chase must be signed prior to migration. 
 Assumptions
Assuming this migration process will take 4 months to complete. 
Billers who have their own processor will be out of scope for this project. 
Paya are already on Optblue and will be excluded.
 Timeline
Event
Date
Confidence
Status/Work 
Kickoff call
 
Not Started
Red
 
Design review
 
not started
Red
 
Milestone 1 
CRM Page Updates
 
?
Milestone 2 
Database Reporting Updates
 
?
Milestone 3 
BP Reporting Updates
 
?
Migrate Test Billers
 
Migrate Early Access Billers
 
Migrate Phase 1 billers 
 
Migrate Cost Plus Billers
 
 Open Questions
Question
Owner
Answer
Date Answered
Is it possible to have a test FTP site with Chase to complete through testing in prod?
Sara/Angie
Can we build out a test plan?
Venkata/Adrian/Angie
Yes, we will begin discussions on this one. 
3/7/24
 Out of Scope
List the features discussed which are out of scope of might be revisited in a later release.
Billers who be moved to Braintree will be part of the Amex Aggregator model. 
The Aggregator model is out of scope for the Optblue project. This will be worked on by the Braintree project team. Several members of the Optblue project are also part of the BT project so the communication and planning will be aligned.
Paya processing billers are not in scope for this project. 
All billers who have their own processor are out of scope. 
 Communication Checklist
Comm Audience
Task
Notes/Actions
Project team members
Early Access Billers
All Billers
Partners
Internal \ Training
Internal \ Support+CSM+implementation
Internal \ Sales
Internal \ Boarding
Internal \ General
Results 
Monitoring of this project will begin immediately after the first biller is migrated to the optblue platform. We anticipate the migration plan will take approx 3-4 months. It is also recommended that biller be migrated at month end to keep reconciliation easier for funding coming from Amex vs from Chase.  
Anticipated first migration - 6/30/24
Monitoring to begin 6/30/24
Success Measurements to be reported on 10/1/24. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3262316563/Amex+OptBlue+Migration+-+Phase+2+DRAFT