Background
“User delight refers to any positive emotional affect that a user may have when interacting with a device or interface” 
(N/N Group)
. User delight can drive feature adoption. The main way a user interacts with our key features (auto-pay, paperless, and pay-by-text) in the 1-time payment flow is a checkbox on the review page. Introducing animated icons could drive adoption of key features by promoting interaction with the checkboxes (signing up).
Business Problem
We need more people to sign up for our key features (auto-pay, paperless and pay-by-text) because they are tied to greater user retention and adoption.
User Problem
Paying bills is not a fun process, but by offering a moment of user delight, we can make signing up for a simpler payment process enjoyable.
Goals
Drive product adoption (payments processed, auto-pay sign up, paperless, and pay-by-text) through animating icons (delightful user experience).
Research Questions
Do animated icons increase likelihood to sign up for key features?
Do animated icons increase user delight?
Hypothesis
We believe that animated icons will make a user feel delighted.
So if we incorporate animated icons into the review page users will sign up for key features at a higher rate.
Then we will see a raise in auto-pay, paperless, and pay-by-text adoption.
Methodology
Unmoderated online study
Using our payer research panel, we will send out an unmoderated survey with a Figma prototype to users and offer a $5 gift card to the first 20 participants 
($5 for 5 minutes)
. Users will respond to a survey after interacting with the prototype.
Present current page designs 
(outline)
Participants
Segmentation Attributes
Age
Type of bill user pays
Targeted Themes
User Delight
CSAT
Schedule
For moderated sessions, recruitment must begin at least one week prior to the beginning of sessions. Remember that participants are busy and need time to be able to fit us into our schedules.
Stage
Date
Status
Sessions
Dates
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Delivery
Date
in progress
Yellow
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Understand user persona
What is your age?
18-24
25-34
35-44
45-54
55-64
65+
Understand user persona
What type of bills do you typically pay with InvoiceCloud?
Water
Tax
Insurance
Utilities
Set the stage and outline tasks
The purpose of this is to evaluate the prototype, not you. There are no right or wrong answers.
During the activities, talk me through your actions and your thought processes out loud. This is really important because I can't read your mind and it will really help me understand what does or doesn't make sense and what you're thinking.
For example, if I were to ask you ‘how would you hide this window?’ you might say ’well, usually I can hide things by clicking on an x so I’d look for that and yep, I see an x in the corner so I’d click on that”
You'll be using a prototype today which is an in-progress design, so not everything will be fully functional. It's something that we are actively working on. In the case where you encounter something that doesn't work, you can tell us what you expected to happen.
Gage user delight
What emotion do you feel when you check the box?
CSAT
One a scale of 1-5 how satisfied were you with signing up for auto-pay, paperless, and pay-by-text?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3834085381/Animated+Icons+UX+Research+Plan