Release Schedule
There are two Releases planned for each week. Tuesday and Thursday 10PM EST.
Any change merged into the Main/Release branch before 8AM EST on Monday morning will be released on Tuesday night. 
Any change merged into the Main/Release branch before 8AM EST on Wednesday morning will be released on Thursday night.
Preparing Builds/Releases:
Look for automated builds for the repos scheduled for the next Release cycle (follow cut off time decided by the Release team)
If no build is found, then create a new build for the main/release branch. Inform the Release manager (rob) and/or DevOps Lead to setup auto builds.
Take the new build version and find a Release for the Deployment pipeline for the repo. The matching build version number can be found in the release link title.
If no release found, then create a new Release using the Deployment pipeline for the build version number found in the above step.
Release WebApp:
Make sure all web apps are tested deployed and tested in the PREVIEW stage. 
After that promote the release to the PREVIEW stage (if exists).
Then promote the release to web1/stage1.
Finally, promote the release to All the Prod Web Servers/Stage2.
Make sure to get a confirmation of post deployment checks in this stage from the change owners.
Post an update in the Release-Prod-Engineering channel after a successful deployment.
Release Jobs/Console App:
If needed Hold jobs and cancel/complete any current execution in Skybot before releasing to Prod.
Promote the release to Prod App Server
Verify that the jobs are released after the release. By default, the pipeline releases a job upon successful deployment.
Post an update in the Release-Prod-Engineering channel after a successful deployment.
Rollback
If any error or exception occurs during Post Deployment Checks, then roll back to the previous Production release.
Starting from the REGRESSION stage, re-run the deployments on all the stages up to the PRODUCTION.
Check if any DB or Infrastructure changes need to be rolled back or not. 
Post an update in the Release-Prod-Engineering channel about the rollback and provide the rolled back release link.
Monitoring/Verification
After successful deployment and/or rollback event, verify that the app is functional. 
Monitor the app in NewRelic for any exception logs.
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4129357885/Application+Release+Check+List