3
3
false
list
false
Entry Point Application
Identify the correct entry point for the application. For the services, a console application will be used. Here is an example from 
ICDatabaseService
.
Implement graceful shutdown handling in the entry point application to handle termination signals SIGINT and SIGTERM gracefully.
Configurations
Identify if there are any web.config or app.config application settings used in the application.
Determine if environment variables or Kubernetes ConfigMaps should be utilized to manage the configuration parameters.
Secrets
Identify if there are any Azure Key Vault secrets that get used in the application.
Storage
Identify existing use of storage on the application.
Determine if there are any storage requirements for the application.
Identify the appropriate storage solution (e.g., Azure Blob Storage, Kubernetes Volumes)
Logging
Identify the current logging strategy (passive and active) and mechanism.
Passive logging is considered the best practice and any logging should be done through the console.
Internal Traffic
Identify any dependencies on internal traffic and specify the protocol, IP address, and port used by the services.
Use Kubernetes Services to enable communication between internal services within the cluster.
External Traffic
Identify any external traffic and specify the protocol, IP address, and port used when communicating with the external service.
Ensure that the egress traffic is not blocked and is reachable from within the cluster.
Dependencies
Identify any internal and external services that would be considered dependencies in order for the service to be in a healthy state and functioning.
Use Kubernetes init containers or probes to ensure services are available.
Health Check Endpoint
Identify if there is an existing health check that can be used for the probes or if code changes will need to be made.
Security 
Ensure the container will run with minimum permissions.
Do we need to add some other TLS certificates when we run the container or gateway-side security shall be sufficient?
Resiliency and Fault Tolerance 
Docker Design
Identify the base image and base layers needed.
Use external traffic to identify what ports to listen to.
References
ICDatabaseService Application Discovery - Proxy Spoke - Confluence
ICBusinessService Application Discovery - Proxy Spoke - Confluence
ICRTDRService Application Discovery - Proxy Spoke - Confluence
Windows .Net Framework 4.8+ Application Containerization - NET
 
 URL:/spaces/PMK/pages/4301226012/Application+Containerization+Checklist