This section is intended to outline which InvoiceCloud Applications are currently utilizing aspects of the Platform Components.
Getting Started
Getting Started
Infrastructure
To start using Platform Infrastructure Components, the first step is to get some things setup in your Azure DevOps Project.
A Repo to house the Azure Terraform IaC Blueprint from which the consumer can mutate the Blueprint as needed.  We recommend importing one of our Azure Blueprint Repos into your Azure DevOps Project to accelerate the process.  We recommend naming the Repo using the following pattern 
{ApplicationName}_Infrastructure
.
Blueprint Repos:
aks-spoke-infrastructure-blueprint - Repos (azure.com)
Set of Environments (
info on Environment stack
) to represent a Deployment Target for Deployment Approvals.  The Name of the Environments should use the following patter to work with Terraform Deployment Pipeline Template: 
{application-name}-{environment-specifier}
All Production Environments should require at least 2 Approvers.
A set of Variable Groups (one per Environment) to hold the Azure Service Principal and Terraform Cloud API Key.  Cloning from an existing Variable Group in the same AzDo Project can be helpful to seed the needed variables in the new Variable Group.  The Name of the Variable Groups should use the following naming pattern to work with Terraform Deployment Pipeline Template: 
{application-name}-infrastructure-{environment-specifier}
The next step is to setup your Terraform Cloud Workspaces and get your Terraform Token added to the Variable Groups created in the prior step.
A set of Terraform Cloud Workspaces using the following naming pattern to work with Terraform Deployment Pipeline Template: 
{application-name}-{terraform-stack-name}-{environment-specifier}-{region-specifier}-{deployment-version}
Be sure to update the Workspace to use the 
Local
 Execution Mode.
Create a Terraform Cloud API Token and put it in your Variable Groups with the Variable Name 
TF_TOKEN
The next step is to get some Objects created in Azure Active Directory (AAD) to enable deploying both IaC and Applications:
A set of 
Azure Service Principals
 to provide ability to Deploy Infrastructure to InvoiceCloud Subscriptions.  You will add the Client ID and the Client Secret of the Environment Service
Optionally, a set of Azure Service Principals to provide the ability to Deploy Applications onto the Infrastructure you will provision.
Set of 
Azure Active Directory Groups
 to manage access for your Team to the Azure Resources you will provision
The Next Step is to setup you Terraform Apply and Destroy Pipelines in Azure DevOps using the Pipeline .yaml files found in the 
.azuredevops
 folder (if you used one of the Terraform Blueprints mentioned in the first step):
Go into Azure DevOps and navigate to the Pipelines page, and click the 
New Pipeline
 at the top right of the screen.  Choose the 
Azure Repos Git
 option when asked where your code is.  Find the Repo you created in the first step and then click the 
Existing Azure Pipelines YAML File
 button.  Select the Branch you are working in and then select an Apply (
/.azuredevops/azure-terraform-apply.yaml
) or Destroy (
/.azuredevops/azure-terraform-destroy.yaml
) file.  Click the 
Continue
 button on the bottom right of the screen, then find and click the 
Save
 button.  Finally, rename the Pipeline by adding either 
Apply
 or 
Destroy
 to infront of the Repo Name to name the Pipeline.
 URL:/spaces/platform/pages/2990669917/Apps+on+the+Modern+Platform