 Overview
The architect role and duties are shaped by the business (organizational structure and needs).  Below is an outline of typical duties based on the SDLC engineering stage.
2
0
1
0
3021242370
3021275240
Untitled Diagram-1707154237912.drawio
1
8
8
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki
Untitled Diagram-1707154237912.drawio
0
841
751
Discovery Phase
The architect collaborates with stakeholders, product managers, platform engineering, and tech leads to  study high-level functional and non-functional requirements related to performance, security, reliability, and other quality aspects.  This includes consideration on constraints placed by compliance requirements (like SOX, PCI, or HIPAA).
Major responsibilities:
gathering early non-functional requirements
evaluating functional requirements captured by product
technology stack and deployment methods
estimating high-level development time
designing a high-level architectural solution
Deliverables:
high-level system diagrams
project proposal
Design Phase
The architect specify requirements and create a more detailed architecture that focuses on the best solution for solving the problems of stakeholders.  The design artifacts entail major modules, interactions, and the critical low-level components inside them.
Major responsibilities:
addressing possible risks and constraints
delivering detailed architectural artifacts
Deliverables:
detailed architectural artifacts
Prototype Phase
The architect creates a working skeleton or prototype
, 
which covers the most significant problems and addresses major architectural risks.
Major responsibilities:
building a prototype to prove the project’s viability
Deliverables:
working prototype
Construction / Implementation Phase
The architect continues to work on designing less significant features and components. They also act as leaders, supervisors, and mentors.  They promote the vision of a project, set quality standards to guarantee consistency across teams, provide code snippets to aide the development process, and review the code for compliance with predefined rules.
Major responsibilities:
further specifications of architecture considering changing requirements
mentoring tech leads and developers
writing code examples
setting quality standards and ensuring adherence to them
managing changes
Deliverables:
up to date detailed architectural artifacts
how to guides
quality standards
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/3021242370/Architect+Role+-+AP