The Problem
Billers using our Biller Portal face challenges when it comes to tracking and understanding customer activity. There are several requests to enhance the functionality of the Customer Activity and Email History tabs, and billers need better retention of records to address customer concerns.
Why
This is a real problem that needs solving because it can lead to loss of important information and customer disputes. The number of support tickets related to this issue needs to be tracked and reduced.
Audience
This project is intended for the biller end-users of our Biller portal. It is expected to be for billers that are post-implementation.
High-level Approach
The goal is to enhance the system's functionality by preserving customer activity history even when email addresses are removed from an account, updating the Email History tab, retaining records of Autopay Decline and ACH Reject emails, and adding biller activity to the Customer Profile Audit Trail.
Success
The success of this project will be determined by the number of support tickets related to customer activity that is tracked and reduced.
Metrics to track
Number of CSRs audited using the Biller Activity Report for Payment Method Changes
Solution Alignment
Key Features:
Preserve customer activity history even when email addresses are removed from an account
Update the Email History tab to include missing email types and provide a comprehensive list of all emails sent to customers
Retain records of Autopay Decline and ACH Reject emails for a longer period
Add biller activity to the Customer Profile Audit Trail
Add bounce data for "Registered Customer Welcome" and "Scheduled Payment Confirmation" emails to the bounce data file
Extend the character limit of the "Activity" field in the Customer Activity tab
Provide a change log for any email address added or changed within the system via API/data pump
Add expiring credit card notifications to customer email history and exportable to Excel
Provide a Biller Activity Report for Payment Method Changes
Key Flows:
Historical email addresses are retained in the Customer Activity tab
Expiring credit card notifications are added to customer email history and exportable to Excel
Jira Issues
System JIRA
key,summary,type,priority,status
issuekey,summary,issuetype,priority,status
20
"Epic Link" = EBPP-171 AND issuetype in (story,bug) and status not in (closed,resolved) ORDER BY priority, rank 
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
Launch Readiness
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Exit Criteria
Status
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
 
 
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
 
 
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
 
 
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
 
 
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
 
 
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
 
 
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
 
 
Support
Biller questions and support
 
 
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
 
 
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2670493699/Audit+Logs+One+Pager