Date
Team
BBQ
Participants
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Setup reminder to check up on Retro action items.
Work on a flowchart on when to deploy items into devtest for testing.
Review NewRelic logs in detail and write well documented comments on what you did to validate set issue. 
Start looking into Docker and how containers work in Azure +1
Start getting familiar with the documentation Fern shared
Implement a standardized logging process for ICremotelinking to ensure consistency.
Look up for areas of improvement and focus on efficiency and automation. +1
Looking into Blazor (I haven’t yet)
Stop making little changes for every comment that was made in your PR. It might be best to discuss it before making the change to see if the change is worth it.
Slowdown in items and story points, so we maintain productivity and momentum.
Practices that lead to inconsistent logging.
Stop 
Keep improving our code base by implementing good coding practices. 
Keep collaborating in the Smoke House
Keep thinking SOLID in your coding changes
Keep thinking “How can this help with Editable Templates” when making coding changes to ICTemplates
Keep making progress to your goals! 
Keep doing deep dives
Keep up with the new customizable templates project, remember we already have a table on the test shards to play around.
Keep efforts to refine and enhance our grooming and triage processes.
Tilapia
Christian Weight Status: I lost 8 lbs in 2 weeks 
 
Ernesto Weight Status: I won chriChristianstian 8 lbs in a week. (huh?)
Poll: Do you feel we’re getting a lot better at doing more story points every sprint? 
A: Yes +2
B: No
C: No, but I feel it’s going in the right direction.
D: There isn't enough story points in the sprint to make an accurate tell. +3
E: All of the above
Pondering
Are the Deep Dives helping understand to codebase?
Y +1
N 
Create PP of Tilapia for your zoom
 
Action Items




134


134


incomplete


Sprint refinement resources to speed up the call.




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4220944386/BBQ+Society+Sprint+9+Retro+4+15+2025