Date
Team
BBQ
Participants
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Identify blocked items faster, to understand what and when to remove it from the sprint.
Reviewing and testing this team’s PRs as a priority first then review other teams' PRs. 
We can start creating a confluence for BBQ to keep track and document the solutions for concurrent issues that come up with all the repos that we own.
Have the workflow of PDF processes in the Slack channel. +1
Improve on the existing workflow/diagram(s) of PDF processes  +1
More grooming time
Grooming confluence notes, meaning that we can document just like this our improvements and weaknesses, and note down issues that we can get stuck, so we keep track.
Consider not only the story points for each item, but also constrains that can prevent an item from advancing, or can take more than two weeks, so it can be divided or figured out.
Create a triage runbook for PDF specific items. 
Keep notes on what is missed in Triage to better the triage process 
blah
Redundant discussions
Working
Discussing with team on issues through Slack group channel.
Managing unplanned work (nothing came into the sprint after it started)
Keep communication with team members to understand everything in the sprint
support and communication overall 
Keep doing marco meetings
Turkey was good. 
 
There are 4 deployment days left in December 
 
I don’t think we gonna make all of it lol
Add section in documentation for cocktails and drinks, even a cookbook. +5
Action Items




5


5


incomplete


Create Stories/Epic to work on Confluence documentation for BBQ’s projects and workflows.






6


6


complete


Create a second weekly recurring call for grooming.






7


7


incomplete


Add a section to the documentation for Triage items/retro.






8


8


incomplete


Marco Office hours.




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/3796107288/BBQ+Society+Sprint+0+Retro+12+2+2024