Date
Team
BBQ
Participants
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Keep consistent track of the retro action items. +1
Prepare your questions for Marco’s office
During the sprint, be certain you can take another item under your belt before accepting it. 
Keep track of story points per week to make it easier to evaluate our sprint standardization.
Keep a mental reminder if you are on call for the sprint to determine the work you can accomplish within the sprint.
Be mindful of Jira comments/Add notes on PR for more technical updates?
Move the Standup to an earlier time
Not grooming
Being late 
  - Ensure you inform the team of any unplanned situations that cause delays. + 
∞ and beyond
New year new me.
For the CST or PST peeps, work does not end after EOD. 
Ambiguity of when we can sign off for the day.
Grooming +2
Create more X-Rays if need be. The more, the better. 
Hate to say it, the more meetings, the better.
Join the BBQoom if you need help!
 Sit and listen. 
Grab your morning coffee.
Don't share your solo cup with others during parties. You don't want the Vid.
If you’re going to have big holidays, stay away from big gatherings OR remain clean as possible. 
Team members were added, sprint was longer than normal, knowledge was gained, which should be considered before making conclusions about this sprint.
I need better name suggestions for the BBQoom.
Today is cold (In the valley, 45 * F). 
Action Items




5


5


incomplete


 Create Stories/Epic to work on Confluence documentation for BBQ’s projects and workflows.






7


7


incomplete


 Add a section to the documentation for Triage items/retro.






30


66a6cdbb-5fa8-432c-8551-ab3704b3fc70


incomplete


Look for ways to be mindful of Jira stories updates 






31


eb9f761f-f2e2-481f-a327-b6a2ae791e4b


complete


Earlier standup times to accomodate for everyone’s timezone.




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/3879763969/BBQ+Society+Sprint+2+Retro+1+7+2025