Date
Team
BBQ
Participants
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Ask for clearer and more complete information from requestors before items reach triage.
Prioritize the Editable Templates project again. +1
Begin transition from zoom to Teams, even we don't want to. +
 
Mention custom field name which binding that value to template if this info is missing in acceptance criteria +1
Remind yourself to keep in scope of any request. This helps prevent any scope creep and causing potential risk and impact to other billers/partners. 
Avoid spending excessive time trying to investigate triage items, instead push back for better documentation. +
 
Periodically, check the 
Code Review
 section and help move an item out of there so that the work item can move to 
Ready for Testing
 status.
Be thorough when triaging. Don’t just move it along without adding some research notes, links, and important comments to the description, since stuff like that gets lost when transitioning to a BBQ item. 
Keep asking questions in standup if you have any to prevent any blockers.
Helpful Tip That Helps Chris: Write down your interpretation of a Groomed item and what needs to be done and repeat it back in the team before moving it to “Ready for Dev” so you and the team are aligned
Chris’s Total Weight Remains the Same
Current Weight - 
258 lbs and Strong
 
 
Chris’s first smoked brisket looked pretty good. +1
Only team to root for in the playoffs is the Timberwolves… Just Ssayingaying. 
Touch grass more often. Helps keep a dev sane. (just don't touch Christiana grass, because is Wick’s toilet)
1 grass touch a day keeps the floating numbers away. 
 
Did you know that octopuses have three hearts? Two pump blood to the gills, while the third pumps it to the rest of the body—and it actually stops beating when they swim! 🐙
Did you know that the original name for the .NET Framework was "Next Generation Advanced Services" (NGAS)? Thankfully, someone realized how is sounded.
 
Action Items




134


134


incomplete


Sprint refinement resources to speed up the call.




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4356341766/BBQ+Society+Sprint+12+Retro+5+28+2025