Summary
Company
Origami Risk
Industry/Vertical
Insurance
Website
Make a Payment - EmPRO Insurance Company (myempro.com)
Software + Version
Solutions Engineer
 
Integration Manager
 
Invoices
Invoice Types
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Invoice Type/Business Type
Premium, Membership, etc.
Insurance invoice type 164
If Multiple, can services be billed separately?
Same invoice or separate invoices?
na
Is there an indicator in the file for each service type?
These will be separate invoice types in IC
na
Invoice Billing
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
How often are bills produced?
Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, Annually etc.
Monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually
IC Biller Invoice File (BIF)
Review Specs
Integrator File
Review Specs
How is Integrator File Formatted?
XML, CSV, Pipe, Print Spool, etc.
Is there a separate file for updates to an existing bill?
Do we need to use biller file split to split adjustments and invoices?,
How can we tell if it is a new invoice Vs an adjustment to an existing invoice?
Are you able to customize data sent in the files?
Invoice Functionality
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Does your system produce unique invoice numbers?
If yes, are these numbers printed on bills, would customers recognize these numbers? If no, what combination of values can we use to create a unique number per invoice?
How are balances calculated per invoice? (Explain Balance Forward and Open Billing)
total balance on most recent invoice or balance available on multiple invoices
Are fees (late fees, penalties, interest, etc.) added to the invoice or the account?
Do you have a field for Past Due balances?
Are there any Duplicate invoices?
     If yes, which bill should IC import?
Is there a minimum required payment amount?
Account/Policy Numbers
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Are Account/Policy Numbers unique per person? (Do you have customer numbers?)
How is billing handled? Policy Based, Account Based or Both? 
(This will decide on what the IC unique identifier/account number will be) 
Under what circumstances would Account Numbers change?
Do you expire previous bills so that payments cannot be made after a certain time? In what scenario(s)?
How is autopay handled?
Do you need to block payments (CC or ACH)? How will this be communicated to Invoice Cloud
File Transfer
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Is there an automated process to produce the file? 
Files should be sent to IC any time there is a new billing
SFTP or Webservice?
Additional Notes
Balance Updates
Adjustments
 
Internal Notes
 
Response/Decision Date
What is the best way for IC to update balances? (API preferred, Files if necessary)
 RTDR
 
Files
IC Adjustment File (BAF)
 review IC BAF
Can you customize what is produced in the file?
 Can invoice number be added?
How often can Adjustments be sent?
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Account Changes
From Invoice Cloud
 
Description
 
Response/Decision Date
Invoice Cloud sends Autopay, Paperless, Customer Registrations, Pay by Text, Email Changes is there an API to allow these changes?
 DataPump
 
If no, What format should we send these items to you? (Prompt for sample file)
 
 
From CIS
 
 
Invoice Cloud updates blocking of ACH/CC (cash only) customers in real time. Can this status be included in your API Response?
 
 
If no, IC Customer Update File (CUF)
 Review IC CUF Spec
If no, Billers must manually update blocked payments via biller portal
 
 
Additional Notes
Payments from IC
Payments from Invoice Cloud
 
Response/Decision Date
Would you be able to receive an API call to your system when payments are made in Invoice Cloud (Datapump)?
Yes
Would you be able to receive a file to your system when customer changes are made?
 
Would that file have to be in a specific format / can we get a sample?
 
Do you have the ability to block people from making certain payments? If so how is this represented (ACH / Credit Card)
 
ACH Rejects
 Yes
Additional Notes
 
Bill Presentment
Bill Presentment
  
Response/Decision Date
Do you produce your own bill images or does your print vendor?
 Origami to generate bill pdfs. 
Could we get a sample of the bill itself?
 Yes
Does the print vendor have a web service we can call to retrieve bills?
 Yes
Do you (or the print vendor) have the ability to send us bills (PDFS) as individually named files?
 Yes
How is info exchanged so that paperless customers are not sent physical invoices?
 
Does the bill contain a bill number or any unique identifier?
 
Additional Notes
 
Payer Experience
General Questions
 Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
How do your customers make payments today?
 Check, Lockbox, using IC for ACH,CC, OBD, Paypal, IVR ,Pay by text, Gpay, ApplePay
What are the customer touchpoints between your billing system and the current payment solution
 Empro portal, Pay by phone, text
Insured must go through underwriter/agent to create policy.
 
What are all the payment methods accepted by your system today?
 
How do your customers access the payment system today?
 Empro portal-SSO connect-iframe, quick pay- pay now customer portal search, redirect.
They are interested in iFrame, seamless experience. 
What additional payment features are important to your customers?
 All IC payment options. 
 
Can I get a walk-through of the Payer / customer experience? Who should I contact to schedule that?
 Walkthrough complete 9/26/24
 
Specifics
 
 
Do You have Single Sign On capabilities or will you be using Invoice Cloud Customer Portal? 
 SSOconnect via IC
 
If SSO, do you have a Identity Provider for SAML SSO or will you be using SSOConnect?
SSOConnect
What part of the user experience will be through your UI and what part of the User experience will be through ours?
 iFrame UX leaning
 
Will you need balance forward or is each invoice paid separately?
 Balance forward preferred. 
 
Do you need multi user login?
 Yes, group policy, designate admin
 
How will existing users be migrated?
 There will be a conversion process
 
Do you need to link accounts?
 Yes
 
Do you need IVR payments?
 Yes
 
Do you want to offer 'Pay By Text'? 
 Yes
 
Additional Notes
 
 
CSR/Agent Experience
General
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
Do you have clerks/agents? 
 Yes, brokers can create policies and take payments. Only to make a payment. Low phase 2
How do CSRs / Clerks / Agents access and use the system today?
 iframe agentconnect. 
 
Specifics
 
 
Can clerks/agents process payments by using a customer's stored payment method?
Agent should not setup autopay, paperless, paybytest. 
 
Do clerks/agents assist customers with self service activities like Paperless / Autopay / Pay by Text? If so, please explain:
No
 
Do some clerks/agents need different permissions than others? (please explain)
No
 
Do clerks/agents accept payments at the counter (in-person)? 
 No in person
 
IF YES:
 
 
What type of payments are accepted (eg. Cash, Check, Card): 
 
 
Do you use a separate system/software for counter payments and if so what software? 
 
 
How do you accept cash payments? 
 
 
How do you accept credit card payments?
 
 
How do you accept paper checks? 
 
 
Do you use a check scanner?
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Can clerks/agents process payments by using a customer's stored payment method?
 
 
Insurance Specifics
Considerations
 Internal Notes
   
Response/Decision Date
How are quote payments captured?  Is the billing account number or policy number known at this time?  If yes, consider creating the account before a BIF arrives or creating one on the fly.  If no, consider using the Customer Renewal function later to move the Quote Number over to the actual billing/policy number.
 First invoice is due on the policy effective, which could be a month later. Or 30 days after issue date. 
Unique Id will stay the same- account number
Policy Number  - IC account number 
No need for customer renewal - Policy number is static
 
Agent payments - do the agents need to act on the behalf of the policyholder for payments?  If yes, consider using Agent Connect without a LoginGUID.
 
 
Agency payments - do the agency pay with their own agency payment method?  If yes, consider using Agent Connect with a LoginGUID and user role of Account Oversight or Group Oversight.  In order to prevent long lists of linked accounts, it is recommended to link the account to the user and unlink after the transaction is complete.
 
 
How are renewals handled - will the billing system call our Customer Renewal API? (i.e., does the policy/account number change every policy term? If so, call the API)
 Policy Number stays the same
 
Is multi-user needed?  Are the additional users co-owners (LoginType 5), or Oversight (LoginTypes 3&4).  For Plan Administration, consider LoginType 4 - Group Oversight - as well as how Option 122 should be configured.  Group Oversight should stay registered even if the policyholder is unregistered.
 4 doctors - each with their own policy, 1 admin, 
Multi-user needed
 
How is billing handled? Policy Based, Account Based or Both? 
 Direct billing - Policy based would be IC account
Group billing would be IC account
Tell us about how your quote system works and the issuance process of quotes/policies
 User submits application, reviewed by underwriting staff, sends to insured, then binds quote to policy. Payment for quote is either via check immediately, or on effective date
 
How many phases will there be for go live?
Additional Notes
 
 
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/3592585218/BID+2400+EmPRO+Insurance+Company+Origami+Risk+Discovery