Date
Team
BIF
Participants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame 
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Give us permission to complete/start sprints
#NewBoardIssues
Give more grooming attention to internal items that may take longer than cookie cutter items
Related: review why Sprint 12 was so smooth compared to previous sprints
When working on data conversions for either test/prod import, create a ITG subtask work for each import. (ex. Test import for autopay, 1 for ACH and 1 for CC)
Possible discussion on pulling other items from future sprints or backlog?
Define potential changes that can be applied to Secure Upload for data conversions
Should we pull in quarterly commitments if possible?
Example: if I finish the first part of the BFT dashboard [during a sprint], should we pull in the next item?
Self-assigning items in Ready for Dev, and not working on it soon after becoming the assignee.
Continue to work on ITGs after standup/parking lot
Continue to review the state of our ITGs as a part of the stand-up
Getting those easy wins quickly done
Pushing back on wacky ITGs + 1
Researching the causes of alerts and raising discussions to address them
Fixing the causes of common alerts
Request automation testing from Jagannath
AdBlock for the YouTube music +1
No more mosquito ads pls
We should look into BillerFileSplit alerts, as sometimes the overrun gets resolved by itself.
Doesn’t it always get resolved by itself?
I think so - Tyler
Block reason field still isn’t available/required when setting an item to blocked
Action Items




55


55


complete


  to hold call with team to review escalation process and alerting priorities and maintenance window procedures








65


65


complete


Needs a follow-up +1






67


67


complete


 to schedule conversation with broader INT team on how Triage should handle future-dated work +1






68


68


incomplete


 to implement a new action in ITG to automate creation of Data Conversion tasks.






70


70


incomplete


 and team to standardize process of identifying and grooming unknown bodies of work






71


71


incomplete


 establish roadmap review process with the broader INT team +1






72


72


incomplete


 to schedule deep dive on sprint 12. Why was it completed so quickly?




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4361322502/BIF+Sprint+12+Retro+05+29+2025