 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
Based on feedback we’ve received from Operations and directly from biller, the biller portal homepage is largely unused and an opportunity for us to present more meaningful information and initiate commonly used processes.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
We’ve included questions in our previous NPS surveys asking about biller interest in a “file management dashboard”, and billers indicated this was something they see value in.  We’ve since expanded the scope of the project to be more than just files.
Audience: Who are we building this for?
This will be for the billers.  Could also benefit the Operations team if we’re able to utilize the homepage to offload support requests to biller self-serve.
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
Increased utilization of the homepage and positive biller feedback.
Metric
Current
Goal
Ratio of billers clicking from the menu vs clicking from homepage content
[TBD]
Satisfaction feedback using Pendo widget
[TBD]
[TBD]
Turnaround time on issue resolution
[TBD]
 Solution Alignment
John and I did some very early work on this, beginnings of a scope doc can be seen here:
https://1drv.ms/w/s!AhfAKSXj-nB1jjtkXavaWf_RXNZw
.
Key Features
Information
Process status
Clear indicators of process success/failure (files, OBD, etc)
Adoption
Payments over time: similar to information provided today
Service adoption over time, including “recent signups”
Scrolling list of positive feedback received from biller’s payers
Announcements
Better integrate biller message banner into homepage
New or upcoming product releases
Invoice Cloud updates, similar to Cloud Burst?
Calls to action
Setup wizard; account completion
Alerts, issues to be resolved (files, OBD, etc)
Commonly used features
Based on analytics, allow billers to create shortcuts to most used pages
Personality
Quote of the day?  Bob’s tidbits?
 Schedule Structure
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/927924245/Biller+Dashboard+One+Pager