 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
As Invoice Cloud maintains high growth, the ability of our Operations team to implement new billers and support existing billers while maintaining a reasonably sized team 
[need to define]
 will become paramount.  Based on analysis performed by Ray Capolla, they will need to add 
[X]
 new employees in order to achieve go-live targets.  In short, with the current toolset and processes, the implementations team will become a barrier to achieving revenue targets in the 1-3 year timeframe 
[confirm]
.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
[pending analysis details from Ray]
Audience: Who are we building this for?
Implementations - This team will benefit from the new tools and processes by needing to be less involved in the 
initial onboarding
 tasks the billers are able to perform themselves.
Customer Support - This team will benefit from the new tools and processes by needing to be less involved in the 
daily operational
 tasks the billers are able to perform themselves.
Billers - Our clients will benefit from no longer being blocked by bandwidth issues on the IC implementation team, no longer needing to submit tickets for the IC support team to perform tasks the billers are capable of doing, and having greater visibility into and understanding of how the IC system works.
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
Success on this project will be measured by how efficiently the business is able to board new and support existing clients.
Metrics to track:
Implementations
Goal
Time from signature to go-live (in days)
[TBD]
Average time spent (hours) by IC resources
[TBD]
Average monthly MRR launched per FTE
[TBD]
Post go-live biller satisfaction scores
[TBD]
Customer Support
Goal
Number of tickets submitted
[TBD]
Number of unique support tasks requiring ICCS resource involvement
[TBD]
Total support time spent per client
[TBD]
 Solution Alignment
Key Features
Create integration between Salesforce and CRM to auto-populate first elements of biller account
Automate paperwork signature process, including tracking and reminder; utilize 3rd party as needed
Once able to authenticate, allow billers to talk through an account setup wizard in the biller portal
Analyze support ticket history; determine which requests can be shifted to biller control in biller portal
Include audit logging to track who (IC or biller) makes what changes and when
 Schedule Structure
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/927924287/Biller+Onboarding+Self-Service+One+Pager