Updates to the Biller Experience 
Create a new, centralized area in the Biller Portal for 
User Management 
and 
Registration; or, 
add new functionality to existing areas of the Biller Portal to better manage users and registration 
User Management 
Make user information visible in the Biller portal, not limited to but including: 
User information
User phone number 
Date user registered 
Login: Username or Email Address 
Email Address 
Courtesy Email Address 
User Login Type: Account Owner, Co-owner, Guest, etc. 
Payment method(s)
Total # of Linked Accounts 
Primary account or 1st registered account
Display a date/time account link was created
Customer Activity (logs, audit trail)
Perform User Operations 
Biller users and CSRs have specific actions available based on their role & permissions, not limited to but including: 
Create a new user
 
 
Ability to send a Registration link 
Set the user login type (Owner, Account Oversight, etc.) 
Transfer Account Ownership 
 
Change a User Login Type 
Edit User information 
Edit User login email (NOT transferring to another human) 
Remove and un-register user 
Unlink account or accounts from a user 
Add a label or tag to their user (landlord, tenant, property manager, etc.) 
Ability to sort, parent-child relationship, way to manipulate the labels to get the information they need  
Primary Account for that User (Linking Account scenarios) 
Add a payment method 
Remove a payment method 
See payment methods belonging to a user (
update existing ACH or CC tabs in Customer Profile
) 
Considerations 
Biller user roles & permissions must apply to the new user operations
Only certain Biller user roles should have ability to update login types, transfer accounts, etc.
If there are side effects, the user should be warned in the UI and asked if they want to proceed. For example: 
Unregistering this Account will unlink X accounts 
Removing this payment method will require updating X AutoPay enrollments, etc. 
An audit trail with history of Biller users performing actions with timestamp will be required to track who is performing what actions and on whom 
For high-risk operations, provide ability to undo operations in the event a Biller user makes a mistake and wants to undo an action they took 
Soft deletion in the DB 
We must stop allowing Biller users to override an email address in the Biller Portal. The only use case this is relevant for is if a user mistypes their email address and needs to update it. Maybe an “edit” email operation in the Biller Portal? Instead of an open field like it is today.
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4630020204/Biller+Portal+Customer+User+Management