Interview Schedule
Biller
CSM
Date/Time
Interviewer
Demoer
Notetaker
Truckee Meadows
Blake Saltzman
 2:00pm ET
 
 
 
City of Boston
Joel Kennedy
 10:30am ET
 
Mishawaka, WI
Bill Kaechele
 2:00pm ET
 
 
San Jose Water
Jill LaBonte
 1:30pm ET
 
National Fuel
Minn Rodriguez
TBD
 
Background
Our goal around these discussions is to assess appetite for adoption and feedback around MVP features for the chatbot. After initial 8 interviews, we understand there is still a requirement for a holistic solution if chatbot lives in biller’s landing page and requires dynamic workflows for live escalations. In addition to following up with the initial 8, we are looking to interview more billers in GUB as well as Insurance to see if minimum requirements illustrated in the prototype are suitable for a MVP build.
Interview Script
“Greetings, thank you for joining us today.  This interview is part of a series of interviews we’re conducting to learn your perspective, your needs and your wants as it pertains to offering chatbot functionality to your customers.
We're in the early stages of this project, and our goal is to create a chatbot that can assist your customers with a variety of tasks, from answering common questions to helping with common tasks, such as making payments, enrolling in autopay, and enrolling in paperless billing.  We believe that a well-designed chatbot can provide quick, efficient, and helpful responses, improving overall customer satisfaction.
At this point, we're doing discovery and creating prototypes. No requirements are final yet, and we haven't started any coding. Your input will be invaluable in shaping the direction of this project.
With your permission, we’d like to record this session so we can review in detail when compiling notes.”
#DEEBFF
 Start Recording
“Do you have any questions before we get started?“
Demographic / Customer Questions
What are the average amount of support cases you receive on a monthly basis? 
(
follow up with this only if the biller’s expectations for the chatbot are to solve support cases)
What are the cases typically around?
How many are resolved through e-mail?
How many are resolved through the phone?
Insurance
Claims, Making Payments, Expected Payments, Policy Questions, New Policy, Change in Policy
GUB
Usage analytics, stop and start service, general FAQ, payments
#FFFAE6
 
Angela to demo the prototype now
 Share the link to the prototype in mtg chat
Initial reactions and impressions
What are your initial thoughts on the prototype? 
Standouts (appearance, interface)
Does the chatbot feel approachable and engaging to interact with? Why or why not?
How would you describe what this chatbot is meant to do?
Functionality and Usability
How easy was it to navigate through the prototype?
Did you find any difficulties while in use?
Did the features work as you expected?
(
Are there any questions or tasks you expected the chatbot to handle but didn't?)
Were there any responses that didn’t meet your expectations?
(
Is there any part of the chatbot’s conversation flow that seems confusing or needs improvement?
Fit and Relevance
What feature or function do you find most valuable in the chatbot so far? 
Could you envision testing a tool like this on your landing page? 
(Why or why not)
What level of customization would you expect for this initial launch?
Would you use it if it were available today?
What are some key metrics you would use to weigh the success of the chatbot?
First time contact resolution? Anything else?
(how can we ask this to be more open-ended)
Integration / Technical Questions
What is typical web traffic for your landing page?
If applicable, how long would you expect this tool to be audited by your compliance / tech team for use?
What are some key things those teams would be looking for in regards to an approval?
What core systems (CIS or otherwise) would this chatbot need to integrate with?
Do you feel that you have the resources on staff to implement this feature?
What would you expect to be a project duration, and what would you estimate as the soonest you could begin the project?
Future interest
What additional features or capabilities would you like to see in this AI chatbot? 
What would make this product a “must-have” for you?
What improvements could increase your interest in using this chatbot?
What expectations would you have for a product like this if it were fully developed?
Final Thoughts
Do you have any other feedback or thoughts that you’d like to share about the prototype?
The prototype that was featured here today…
Would this provide value to your customers?
Would you implement this based on the features demonstrated in the prototype?
Closing and Follow-Up
“Thank you so much for your time and valuable insights. Your feedback is crucial as we move forward with this project. We'll be compiling all the information we gather from these interviews to help us design a chatbot that truly meets our customers' needs.
We'll keep you updated on our progress, and we may reach out again if we have any follow-up questions.
Do you have any interest in participating the Early Access program for this new functionality?
If you have any additional thoughts or ideas after this interview, please don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you again, and have a great day!“
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3629580369/Biller+Follow+Ups+with+Prototype