Description:
Statement of Work is simply a formal document that outlines the scope, deliverables and other aspects of a project. The purpose of this confluence page is to provide better guidance when determining if the scenario fits the criteria of a Statement of Work submission.
For context, we will provide an example: 
[DS-5861] Missing message on Template for Deliquent Account - JIRA (atlassian.net)
In this ticket, we see how the biller is expecting a message to be displayed on the PDF in the case of a “Delinquent” account. This usually calls for a separate template to be made on ICTemplates. If this was the route to be taken, an SOW would have to be created which simply means that the DS-ticket can be closed, and the CS individual would create the SOW. The resolution for this issue would take a different route.
For this ticket though, we see a creation of an ITG. The reasoning for this is the following:
If we take a deeper look into the scenario, we see that the template being accessed by the PDF link is as follows: 
https://www.invoicecloud.com/templates/PikeWater/UtilityVIP.aspx?
When looking at the history tab for this page on 
Azure DevOps
, we can see the creating date was this year.
 
Looking at other pages under the “PikeWater” folder, we can see previous templates. When analyzing the previous template, we can see “Delinquent” logic exists here. 
Code Selection for Logic: 
AzureDevOpsPageUT2016
Taking it even a step further, we can dig deep enough to see that there was in fact an SOW submitted for the addition of the “Delinquent” logic, but for the previous template.
You can see the “SOW” in the following INT: 
INT-5663
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
This means that when we “renovated” the template, the “Delinquent” logic was left forgotten and is therefore our mistake. Since the logic already existed, an ITG was created.
Summary:
A statement of work implies an addition to, or new design for the template.  This scenario encompasses the need for an SOW at some point, but then also showcases the need for checking all your bases to ensure this logic was not already added.
* 
Although the definition for delinquent is not set in stone, it usually refers to customers with pending balances.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3050209447/Bill+Presentment+-+Statement+of+Work+SOW