Problem Alignment
 
EBPP-9829
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
EBPP-6995
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
How do we group billers together for dashboard upload
Who do we allow to do this- display Invoice Types by file
Who do we not allow- backend splits that we need to factor in that won’t work or are too complex, file too large
Can we show where the biller uploaded from?  Currently we can for FTP, Stratus, but some is backend work that we will show, but can we display others?  No code to support this as of now. 
Do we want to show username?  No code to support this as of now
Biller File Upload
Invoice- Complete on Milestone 1 - Q3 2023
Discuss with Ross what DS is doing now to alert and correct incorrect file uploads- manual and non manual intervention; are there more ways to improve this to reduce manual work?
PDF
PDF Linking, going to show on Milestone 1- redirect to current Biller Portal Page 
Adjustment Files 
How do we ensure that billers will upload the correct files? 
EBPP-3404
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
EBPP-2435
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
PDF’s Tab
Conveyance name changes
Adjustment Files Tab
Think through Invoice File/Record Adjustments/Conveyance 
Payment Files Tab
Conveyance- how will we code to pull this data?  Can show the data, but very time consuming to allow billers to make any changes on a new screen
Allowing the biller to manipulate a file in real time
Capture errors and offer help (video/documentation) of how to resolve from the dashboard
Export of Filters- is this for Invoice, PDF, Adjustment and Payment Files?
Ability for Cloudie’s to upload any file type- 
EBPP-7695
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Notify billers when files are not uploaded by X time- 
EBPP-5506
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Do we add webservices for the dashboard? 
EBPP-1190
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Help Options
In-page help: each column should have a clickable badge to view help content (text? video?) which explains how that column works
Email Notifications
Do we capture why an email isn’t sent?  Do we display this to billers? Ineligibility status'
Expiration Dates
Pay By Text
Auto Pay 
Phase 2 ?
User sees Upload New Files option- add User Sees Help Video Icon to guide billers how to upload the file (limit to just Invoice Files at first?)
From Anita Peterson- Client Services- Issue Example 
I wanted to share a report with you – we track cases that are being submitted during a RE/PP Tax cycle.
 
We have gotten 46 so far, and the majority of the cases are because the biller forgot how to use FTP – I highlighted just a few that I was reviewing this morning.  When the biller is able to upload through IC – tax billing is going to be so much easier!
 
Also, I am not sure if we have factored this into the product feature set, but having a start date would be helpful.  Many states cannot start collecting money for taxes until, for example, 7/1.  7/1 falls on a weekend this year.  We have had several requests from billers asking if they can upload but IC would “hold” the bills and not make them available until the 1
st
 (at my previous company, we used to have a start date)  Today, billers can choose when the emails are sent out but some billers have already gotten payment and they are not happy about it – for MI billers, we are breaking the law.
Sarah L or Chris S from training can help us make this video (need to write script)
Conveyance review, text should be “Conveyance” -
Is there an “in process” view here? How long does it take to identify these records?
Whatever process identifies the to-be-conveyed records before doing the conveyance should be invoked here so we can (a) alert the biller, (b) display a count of records, and (c) present a new screen for detailed review of records
If conveyable records found…
If review option is enabled…
(a) alert the biller
New email modeled after the dup invoice email (need to get a example of this), provide a link to the review screen in the biller portal
Alert in the biller portal home page?
(b) display
icon TBD, talk with Design
a count of records as “X records pending review”, link to a review screen showing conveyable records
(c) review screen
should show the data differences that triggered the conveyance
each row should have an option to purge from conveyance queue
should present button for accepting conveyance on all remaining records
If review option is not enabled…
(a) alert the biller - NO, do not alert if they don’t need to review (existing functionality)
(b) display
icon is green checkmark
a count of records as “X conveyable records”, link to a review screen showing conveyable records
(c) review screen should show the data differences that triggered the conveyance
If conveyable records not found…
Display green checkmark icon with “0 conveyable records” non-link message
AutoPay(?) review, text should be “AutoPay” (does this need to become “Balance Forward”?) - 
(auto pay scheduled and communicated but won’t run bc of change in balance?)
Example:
Invoice A exists in the system for $50, scheduled to autopay on 9/23, two days ahead of the 9/25 invoice due date
On 9/21, Invoice B for $75 arrives in an invoice file, and the $50 on Invoice A balance forwards to Invoice B making the amount due on Invoice B $125
Because Invoice A is now zero balance, the autopay doesn’t run
Payer is confused/frustrated because they thought their autopay was all set and invoice would be paid on time, likely prompting angry calls to biller and biller to call IC
Need to check with CS/CSMs/etc on is there a scenario where the biller must have their new invoice records imported knowing it will trigger balance forward and missed autopays (all future-dated payments?, payment plans?, etc)
Is there an “in process” view here? How long does it take to identify these records?
When the system identifies records that will be balance forwarded and impact autopays, we need to identify that on the dashboard
If biller has “hold” option enabled, the held records should be pulled into an exceptions queue and not block the processing of the other records
Display
Icon of green checkmark
Message of “X records held”, link to review screen showing held records
Review screen
Should show invoice number, issued date, due date, amount of invoice that will be balance forwarded
Should show invoice number, issued date, due date, amount of new invoice
Should show date of future-data payment (as an indicator of when record hold will be lifted)
Should there be a callout for any records that will be held past a specific number of days? - Do we need give them an option to “un hold” specific records if they choose?
If biller does not have “hold” option enabled… let’s wait and see if this is even a use-case that we need to accommodate
If no records are identified, display:
Icon of green checkmark
Message of “0 records held”, no link
File Review & Release
Need to check with dev to see if these records are actually imported but kept invisible, or if the file just waits for import
In scenario where “Pre-loaded BIF Files” is enabled, this 4th review step is displayed
Icon starts with “no done”
Provide link to view full file data
Need mockup of file review page with button - Design / or do we just reuse the existing page??
On the file review page, provide a button to “release” file
When button is clicked
file is queued for import
user is redirected back to the dashboard and see Icon changed to green checkmark
 
Upload of new file - EBPP-
EBPP-6995
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
User clicks Upload New File, browses local file system, picks files, begins upload
If user stays on the upload screen, they are presented with 
a message that their file will be processed, to return to the dashboard homescreen- change close tab message to tell them to close and review on the homescreen
When user clicks back to dashboard, new file should be highlighted in the dashboard (what does this look like?) 
Uploading or Uploaded (when done)
If user cancels upload, gives cancel msg, with options of “upload new file” (back to previous screen) or “close window” (back to dashboard)
Need mockup for this screen 
*Added an example of the Cancel overlay-N
If error occurs, gives error msg (needs to be meaningful) and give them link back to upload new file (previous screen)
If user browses away from upload screen before upload is complete, and back to dashboard
If upload is no longer in process, same visual behavior as “stays until end of upload” (highlight new file)
If upload is still in process, user will see a new record on the dashboard, with the following visual display in the Upload Status column:
Animated “in process” gif indicating upload not yet complete
Date upload was initiated
“via” how file was provided (ex: Biller Portal, FTP, Stratus, etc) - check with Possums on if “in process” files on non-portal channels is possible?
The system will determine all attributes it needs for file processing from the file itself, meaning no user entered fields will be provided (file type, invoice type, etc)
Is this realistic? Need to discuss with Possums
If file upload fails (error), dashboard should should display error icon with date and channel (is this possible?) - How can user see error msg? Talk with design- 
*added example, see May Utility Bills file at bottom of list -N
Audience: Who are we building for?
High-level Approach
Product Approach:
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
Solution Alignment
Key Features
   
Key Flows  
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
 
 
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
 
 
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
 
 
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
 
 
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
 
 
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
 
 
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
 
 
Support
Biller questions and support
 
 
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
 
 
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
 
 
Jira list
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key
Summary
T
Created
Assignee
Reporter
P
Status
Resolution
Labels
No issues found 
Refresh
 
Next Steps/ Other Ideas:
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2744254468/Biller+File+Dashboard+Phase+Scoping