Feature Branching
Feature branching is a strategy where each new feature or bug fix is developed in its own branch. 
Isolation
: Each feature branch is isolated from the main codebase, allowing developers to work independently without affecting the main branch.
Integration
: Once the feature is complete and tested, the feature branch is merged back into the main branch through a pull request to ensure code review and quality checks.
Parallel Development
: Multiple feature branches can be worked on simultaneously by different developers. 
Note: MyIIS and CRM as different from other applications
Managing feature-based development can be tricky when multiple pull requests are queued to merge into the main branch.  Long-lived branches can diverge significantly from the main codebase, leading to long, complicated merge conflicts.   
Keep feature branches short lived focused around smaller units of work to help resolve some of merging issues.
2
0
1
0
3442835896
3376152780
Untitled Diagram-1722532250584.drawio
1
3
3
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki
Untitled Diagram-1722532250584.drawio
0
593
155
Workflow
Create a new-branch
Use a separate branch for each feature or Jira issue you work on.  After creating a branch, check it out locally so that any changes you make will be on that branch.  Use a branch naming convention that starts with the Jira number in Kebab case (also known as "dash case"), where words are separated by hyphens (
-
), example “EBPP-#####--my-feature”.
Update, add, commit, and push changes
On this branch, edit, stage, and commit changes in the usual fashion, building up the feature with as many commits as necessary.  When ready, push your commits, updating the feature branch.
Push feature branch to remote
It’s a best practice to push the feature branch up to the central repository.  This serves as a backup and allows collaboration with other developers.   Once pushed, others have access to view commits to the new branch.
Create the pull request
This gives others an opportunity to review the changes before they become a part of the main codebase.
Pull requests are a good way to talk about code and manage the discussion dedicated to a particular branch. If a developer needs help with a particular feature they can create a pull request.  Tagged individuals will be notified automatically, and they’ll be able to see the question right next to the relevant commits.
Resolve feedback
Resolve pull requests comments locally, commit, and push the suggested changes.  Your updates appear in the pull request.
Merge your pull request
Before you merge, you may have to resolve merge conflicts if others have made changes to the repo.  When your pull request is approved and conflict-free, you can add your code to the 
main
 branch.  Merge from the pull request.
A merge will require at least two approvers on the PR that did not contribute to the PR code.
 URL:/spaces/ED/pages/3576725552/Branching+Strategy