Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Caselle/Civic
Software Product Name
Caselle Connect
Software Cashiering System
N/A
Supported Versions
2021.02.160 or later
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
Outlined Below
See Rules of Engagement
Vertical
Accounts Receivable
Sample Biller Implementation
Newport OR
 BID 2493
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal - 2137
Partner Hosted Test Portal
Rules of Engagement
IM’s will work with the Caselle CSM assigned to the specific biller and provide the items below.  IM will need to ask the Biller on the Kick-off Call who is their assigned CSM (Customer System Manager). Please use Email template below:
Coding Requirements
Partner Coding Requirements
What
Provided To
When
Notes/Details
Third Party Name (Always Invoice Cloud)
Biller
Invoice Cloud CallBack URL w/API Key
Caselle
Project Assignment 
Import/Setup AR Bill ‘Form Definition’
Biller/IC
Make sure to adjust process to only send “Open Items”
‘Form Definition’ is attached in case you need to send to Biller: 
Ensure all Caselle biller workstations have latest general release version of Caselle Connect Version 2021.02.160 or later.
If the biller does not have the proper Caselle version, the integration features will not work properly. This includes ACH rejects, AutoPay change log and user registration email.
Ensure server where Connect Online Web Service(COWS) is running. If COWS has not been updated since the last general release update, COWS will need to be updated immediately on the customers Caselle server.
If COWS is not running, IC cannot connect to the billers endpoint.
Ensure Biller has Security Licenses in place
Verify that the customer has the CRW40000 Security License (Cash Receipting Web Service Interface)
Verify that the customer has the ARW4000 Security License (Utility Management Web Service Interface)
If customer does not have the licenses list above: Have the customer contact their Caselle CRM to get the license added to their security file. This could take a couple of days depending on when the request is submitted.
Security Licenses are needed in order for the integration to work real time. Workspace needs to allow payments online payments in order for payments to post.
Verify that COWS is installed and running on the Caselle server
It is also important to make sure that an admin at the city has access to the Caselle server where COWS is running on so if there is ever a problem the user can login to the server, verify COWS is running and restart if necessary.
Make sure the Cash Receipting Workspace that is setup specifically for Online Payments has the checkbox marked to “use for online payments”.
If this is not selected, payments will error out in the data pump (with a very generic error message that’s difficult to decipher)
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
What
Provided By
ETA
Notes/Details
CallBack URL that includes the APIKey
Biller
After IM generates the APIKey
Example: 
https://icoauthtokenprocessor.azurewebsites.net/api/ICOAuthTokenProcessor?BK
=
(Generated API Key without the parenthesis)
Steps to generate the API key under biller portal:
Access biller portal
Then click Support → Documentation / API’s → Application API Keys
Click Create New Application Key
Enter Application Name : Caselle CallBack URL API Key
Check box for Active
Click Create New Application Key
Copy and Paste APIKey to the end of the CallBack URL in the email template over to Caselle.
NOTE: If biller is integrated Real-Time with Utility, it will use same Callback URL and no need to ask for the step above.
Invoice Data
Biller
Once Caselle CSM has imported the Forms definitions. 
Bill Images
Biller
RTDR API URL
see details
Always 
https://ranchero1.caselleconnect.com/tp/api/ar0/graphql
DataPump API URL
see details
Always 
https://ranchero1.caselleconnect.com/tp/api/cr0/graphql
Caselle Software Configuration
Category Code
Distribution Code
Payment Code ACH
Payment Code CC
Payment Code OBD (optional, will use ACH payment code by default)
Customer SUBDomain
ClientID
ClientSecret
OAuth Token
Expiration Date of OAuth Token
Caselle
During Configuration 
Caselle CSM configures and provides these items once they configure the Caselle Software for this integration.
Caselle Support Ticketing System Login 
Summary: This Ticketing system is used for support post go-live.
Website: 
https://support.caselle.com/
Username: invoicecloud
Password: casellesupport
How to create support tickets
Once logged in, you will land on Announcements. 
Click on “Create a New Support Incident”. See below screen shot
3. Complete ticket details and requirements then click the submit button on top right hand corner.
Contacts
1500
400
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/718340114/Caselle+Real-Time+AR+Implementation+Details