Runbook name
Change Logs / Full File Best Practices
Description
Paperless and Autopay change logs vs full file so a biller or print vendor knows who is signed up for either paperless or autopay. 
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 05/02/2025
 
1
Information added 
Summary
Print Vendors/Software Partners or Billers who print the invoices/bills in house need to know who is signed up for paperless so that they do not mail out/print the invoice/bill. A print vendor or biller who prints in house if they put on the invoices/bills that the payer is signed up for autopay then they will also need to know who is signed up or have unenrolled. 
A change log will send only those payers who have either signed up or unenrolled from paperless or autopay for a given day. 
A full file will send over all customers in the billers database that are signed up or unenrolled for paperless or autopay.
Have a conversation with your biller: 
Is there a Print Vendor?
Is the client giving a file to the Print Vendor?
Is Invoice Cloud sending the file to the Print Vendor?
Print Vendors do not store invoice files; do they need a full history file of who is on Paperless or Autopay?
Does the clients CIS store all details (flags) of Paperless or Autopay customers?
note
Information


Information


Change Log
Full File/Full Delta File
Change Log vs Full File
Change Log
Full File/Full Delta File
CIS system only needs the changes
Biller only needs changes, and they relay to Print Vendor
File is sent directly from IC to the Print Vendor
Biller gets the file from IC and sends full file to Print Vendor
What to ask for
Change Log (only changes)
Full File or Full Delta File (all customers enrolled paperless and autopay)
Example Print Vendor: DataProse
Example Print Vendor: InfoSend
Training PPT
Paperless-Autopay Change Log vs Full File
 
note
Why does this matter?


Why does this matter?


Print vendors need the autopay flag to know who is on autopay so they can have verbiage added to the bills. 
Sample PDFs with AutoPay
BID 2654 AutoPay v2.pdf
BID 4366 AutoPay v2.pdf
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4282482689/Change+Logs+Full+File+Best+Practices