Open Questions
Question
Answer
Does the “new gateway” have a name?
Commerce Platform
Does the “embedded payment solution” have a name?
This is just combining multiple services and making them available to us, we’ll call it “new solution” for now
What is the planned scope / feature set of the new platform?
Virtual wallet
Funding control
Boarding APIs
Dispute APIs
The embedded payment solution offers the ability to multiple services in a combination. Timeline provided by 
Chase is Q2-2025
. 
We will need to see some representation of how this product functions today (if its currently being used yet) and what the future version will look like. 
if its rolled out in segments, what segments will be available and in what order 
Virtual Wallet Balance
With embedded payment solution, there will be a virtual balance available for us where we can receive funds processed through Chase and processed outside of Chase such as FiServ, RPPS, etc.
We will be able to send funding instructions, daily, to fund to our billers as we see fit – we will be in full control of who gets what, when.
The Virtual Wallet will eliminate the issues we are having with Batch/Funding discrepancies (We, IC, receive all funds and can disburse the portion that agrees with what we are showing the biller they would receive versus what actually ended up settling)
OPEN QUESTIONS
Will we be able to utilize Instant payments (RTP or Fed-Now) for funding instructions? And at what capacity?
Boarding API - will be available in Q2-2025
With the Embedded Payment Solution, we will be able to utilize API boarding requests and responses. 
Dispute API- will be available in Q2-2025
We will be able to utilize dispute APIs to receive all Chargeback information for all our billers and would be able to use our own UIs to make those available to them.
Which components are completed and being used in production?
Virtual Wallet is currently available - BUT would require Chase compliance approval (would provide consolidated settlements) We have submitted a request to their compliance team and are awaiting their response. 
Similar to hyperwallet 
Virtual balance, no bank account 
Additional step in boarding process 
Needs integration 
Comply with Chase underwriting 
Fee would be imposed
UW process may need to be modified
Development would likely be needed as well to support this 
Who is using the platform currently?
Need this from Chase in writing
What is the roadmap for remaining features? (Modern Platform AND embedded)
We received some input from Chase, but waiting on the roadmap details of the components and timing. 
Are integration specs available for us to review?
This is available for Modern Platform, but not yet for embedded solution
Is there any change in fees or additional costs associated with using this new solution?
Yes, but we’re not sure what it is yet; and some costs may end
Is there a specific date for the retirement of Orbital?  What happens if we don’t move off?
No date from Chase yet, but if we decide to move forward with components, we should consider what the impact would be to Orbital and whether we should code to the new environment instead. Important for us to clarify timing and what benefits this change will bring us. We want to prioritize customer benefits on our roadmap so we need enough timing to adjust as needed. 
What paperwork is required for a biller to begin processing transactions?
No for existing billers, will be automated (rather than paper-based) for new billers; should be much quicker
Are there any changes to the types of entities who cannot be boarded on this platform?
No, will be the same as what’s permitted/blocked today
What is the current list of prohibited MCCs?
Need from Chase
Does it support Canadian processing?
Currently supported by Orbital, so will be supported by Modern Platform
Does this new platform offer additional payment options? (RTP, FEDNOW etc)
The treasury options will be made available, but details are light at the moment. This is an open question for the embedded payment solution. 
What is the embedded payment solution?
Equivalent of the Braintree platform; offers a variety of components to make boarding easier, as well as supporting consolidated funding. 
What is the “new gateway”?
Replace for Orbital, just a front-end for payment authorizations. Are there any benefits to us for updating the platform? 
What do we need from Chase to get us comfortable enough to migrate?
Processing volumes, uptime, response times, incident history/resolution, 
Merchant pricing, will the current restrictions be lifted with Modern Platform?
Need this from Chase in writing
How will the embedded solution solve our current batching issues?
If IC is able to control funding, we could modify what the batch close process should be. Ie batch sent over for payment to Chase would be the final batch of the day. (eliminate reconciliation issues)
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3168501769/Chase+NextGen+Due+Diligence