Chatbot Next Steps:
Customer Journey (BETA):
General / Personnel
Sales / CSM – Who is handling outreach for beta testing?
Marketing – Who is handling content creation / marketing materials for Biller outreach
Product – Feature / enhancements? Roadmap? 3rd party integrations? Costs to maintain / operate? Pricing? 
Implementations  – Who is handling onboarding from knowledge base collection, chatbot set up, embedding
Integrations – Who is handling third party integrations to live agents or CISs?
Technology – Who is handling hand-off, product requests, bugs, fixes, monitoring performance? Way to track adoption and engagement?
Client Services – Who is handling bugs, errors, support cases?
UIUX – Who can send survey to garner initial interest from existing billers
Finance – How will billing be modified for existing billers? Any structural changes need to be made? Anything we need to sync with legal for incremental costs?
Legal – Are there any addendums we need to add to existing contact? Clauses that limit liabilities that may arise from questions not addressed “Emergency leaks?”
Marketing material
Internal
a.	Education Material – Purpose of Payer AI Agent  and value to billers and IC
b.	Stakeholder Map / Process Flow
External
a.	Biller Marketing Material – Payer AI Agent value proposition, improved operational metrics, existing features, future features, next steps
b.	Biller Survey – Initial outreach to billers that may be interested in testing the Payer AI Agent
Customer Flow:
Prospecting
a.	Leads will coming through the following
i.	Sales / CSM Outreach
ii.	UIUX Outreach
iii.	Marketing Material – Email Campaigns
b.	Prereqs for success
i.	Educational material on Payer Agent internally and externally (Why good for Biller? Why good for IC?)
ii.	Potential Survey
iii.	Designated Personnel
iv.	Legal documentation for highlight scope of engagement, limit liabilities, dictate pricing (etc)
v.	Customer journey  flow  so internal stakeholders and billers have better expectations around go-live (Next steps, how to go live, how to get support, how to access etc
2.	Signed
a.	Biller will begin onboarding process
i.	Assigned Sales / Solution Engineering / Implementations
ii.	Timeline and next steps shared
iii.	Share materials with Biller
iv.	Collect knowledge base
v.	Collect style preference
vi.	3rd party integration connections with Live Agents / CISs introductions
vii.	QA, Testing Environment; Release
Live
a.	Biller with Chatbot Live
i.	Assigned Customer Success Rep
ii.	Redesign / Restyle
iii.	How-To-Education Material
iv.	Reporting / Analytics
v.	Support Ticket Submission
vi.	Additional Integrations
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4301324354/Chatbot+Post+MVP+Delivery+Next+Steps