 Participants
InvoiceCloud
 
 
 
 
Columbia Power and Water Systems
John Eglinton
Goals
Gather insights on opportunities to improve processes and the customer experience through better utilization of tools and features.
Understand pain points and inefficiencies to potentially address.
Discuss campaigns and configuration changes to drive priorities around paperless billing, online payments, and self-service.
Summary
 
POSITIVE FEEDBACK
 about our responsive customer service.
 
VERY APPRECIATIVE
 that InvoiceCloud will help optimize processes and customer communications.
 Discussion topics
Item
Notes
Prepaid
Prepaid customers struggling with small frequent payments instead of loading balances in advance.
Disconnected customers face high fees to reconnect service if balances drop too low.
Better integrate systems to allow seamless new service activation and payments.
Simplify new customer onboarding process (allow payment before first invoice).
Customer Experience Improvements
Drive more customers to paperless billing through campaigns to pre-check the paperless box and promote estimated savings.
Simplify new customer onboarding by allowing payment without an invoice. 
Better promote additional services like broadband internet through customized communications.
Process Optimization
Reduce the high cost of printing and mailing around 7,000 paper bills each cycle by converting more customers to paperless billing and digital payment options.
Transition more customers from manual payment methods to low-cost auto-pay to gain efficiencies.
Sending communications to customers with email addresses but no paperless billing selected to transition them.
Leadership Transition
They are replacing the retiring Director of Customer Service with someone focused on analyzing customer journeys and pain points to improve processes and the overall experience.
Their goal is to hire a leader that will champion initiatives to optimize operations.
Future Collaboration
Participate in a deep-dive business review meeting to explore optimization ideas proposed by Invoice Cloud like customized communications campaigns.
Attend training on underutilized biller portal features and digital marketing tools to promote strategic priorities.
 Action items




172


incomplete


Schedule a business review meeting once a new Director of Customer Service is on board to delve into optimization ideas that we proposed.






173


incomplete


Create a list of all systems used by the utility to better integrate with potential future upgrades or replacements.






185


incomplete


Evaluate fees charged for credit card payments of commercial accounts with high volumes.




 Decisions
c2a23a93-ea00-4fa2-a179-1032d415efb2
7d1bbeef-4267-4360-aab5-8b320832b35c
DECIDED
Considering pre-checking the paperless billing option and customized communications campaigns proposed to transition more customers.
444ac3bb-328a-43f4-bfde-fe2c1d468d7d
DECIDED
Explore options to better promote and incentivize paperless billing and online payments for commercial customers with high credit card transaction volumes.
0dce55a2-ed9c-43d2-9c3f-d33651122eb6
DECIDED
Consider sending communications to customers with email addresses but no paperless billing selected to transition them.
Considering pre-checking the paperless billing option and customized communications campaigns proposed to transition more customers.
Explore options to better promote and incentivize paperless billing and online payments for commercial customers with high credit card transaction volumes.
Consider sending communications to customers with email addresses but no paperless billing selected to transition them.
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2811035658/Columbia+Power+and+Water+Systems+August+30th+2023+Meeting+Notes