The CMDB content architecture is, and always will be, evolving. Right now, we’re very early in the journey - it will likely change frequently. The first cut focuses on capturing details around our services, their versions, where they’re deployed, and their build dependencies.
There is still a great deal of content to capture, including infrastructure configurations, runtime application dependencies, DNS and firewall configurations, Kong, Application Gateway, etc. We will get there eventually
Our tool of choice is Assets in Jira Service Management. It’s widely recommended to use whatever CMDB functionality your ITSM tool has in place for ease of integration.
Contents
1
6
false
none
list
true
Content Architecture
Background Info & Common Terms
Assets are organized first by object schemas, then by object types, and finally the objects themselves.
Object Schema
 - 
a collection of information in Assets used to track assets, configuration items, and resources, and to understand and visualise the critical relationships between them.
Object Type
 - 
represents a group of similar objects in an 
object schema
. These objects share 
attributes
, and other characteristics that make them useful to hold information about a certain type of asset or service.
Object 
- 
represents a unique item within an 
object schema
, such as a laptop, server, contract, or vehicle. Similar objects are grouped into 
object types
, each containing 
attributes
 that store detailed information.
Each object can be linked to other objects using 
references
. There are a few default reference types, shown below. We are able to configure our own custom reference types as well.
Object Schemas
Services (default)
We may end up creating our own custom object types that are equivalent to the synced types (mentioned below) and using those to capture more details in custom attributes if needed. For now, we’ll only use the object types of application, capability, and software service.
The object types in the Services schema are read-only. We cannot add custom attributes or otherwise modify them, so they’re really only suitable for high level information. You can see the available fields below. Note that the 
Repository
 field is not actually useful to us as it only supports Bitbucket repositories.
   Available object types (selectable in the 
Service Types
 field):
Applications (synced with Compass) - 
A fully-packaged application, like a mobile application, desktop application, or a CLI-type tool. 
(definition from 
Compass
)
i.e. Stratus
Business services (
not 
synced with Compass) - no current plans to use this one
Capabilities (synced with Compass) -
 A higher-level product functionality that end-users understand and in which they see value. A capability is an abstraction of one or more underlying software components that power it. 
(definition from 
Compass
)
i.e. 
ACH Payments
, 
Payer Account Management
 - features in our apps
not planning to use these right away
Software services (synced with 
Compass
) - 
An independently-deployable software unit that is usually is operated by a person or a team. Services can be as large as monoliths or smaller microservices. Service components have a Tier field to indicate how critical the service is to your business. 
(definition from Compass)
i.e. 
CRM
, 
Biller Portal
, 
CTP
 - individual components that run and act as a piece of our overall application
Azure
Our first custom defined schema (although not defined by us). This one is meant to capture our Azure footprint. Atlassian had 
an app that discovered Azure assets
, but 
that’s only available for Jira Data Center
. Hopefully it’ll become available for Cloud in the future. At this time, there’s only one app I could find (well, Gile found it) that syncs from Azure to Assets: 
Azure Sync for Jira Assets
. Here are 
the docs
 for this app. The app supports most of the Azure offerings we’d need (
reference
), with batch accounts as the only exception I see at the moment.
We need to try out this app and see how it does.
 Hopefully it saves us from writing our own Azure integration.
Service Versions
It’d be awesome to be able to include this in the 
Services
 schema, but that’s read-only, so we’ll create a separate schema for these. 
Object Types:
Service Version - specific versions of software services
link to 
Software service
 objects in 
Services
 using the custom reference type 
Version
Linked to 
Library Version
 objects using the default reference type 
Dependency
Linked to objects in 
Azure
 using the reference types 
Deployed
 (for VM’s, AKS, Functions, etc. currently running this service version)
Dependency
 (for key vaults, SQL servers, Redis, etc. required by the app to run)
Examples
ICCRM 1.0.0
ICCRM 1.1.0
CTP 2.0.0
Libraries
While there’s no OOTB sync between JSM and Compass apart from a few default object types, we’ll want to sync the custom 
Library
 object type we’re defining here to the 
Library
 component in Compass.
Library - 
A reusable collection of objects, functions, and methods. A library is typically used by other components. 
(definition from 
Compass
)
Examples
IC.Azure.Batch
Library Version - a specific version of a library. Will need to include 3rd party libraries
Examples
IC.Azure.Batch 2.0.0
IC.Azure.Batch 3.0.0
NewtonSoft.Json 1.0.0
Infrastructure Configuration
This will need to hold object types to contain configuration info about our infrastructure.
This is not fully thought out yet; just begun. Focusing on mapping our services first.
Object type examples:
Windows Features - object storing list of Windows features + enabled/disabled
Third-Party Applications
i.e. 
Dotnet Core Runtime 8.0.0
Nice Views
Because we link service versions to the infrastructure on which they are currently deployed, you can get a view of all the places where a particular service version is currently running. This could come in handy if we want to ensure that regression matches production.
Similarly, you can get a view of all the applications running on a specific infrastructure component, which is something we’ve wanted for a very long time.
Another great insight is being able to see what versions of libraries a particular service version is using
and of course, its inverse: determining which service versions use a particular library
Notes
Deleting services (the default object type) is not straightforward. Thanks to Gile for figuring this one out.
Open your service desk project page as the project admin.
Select the "Services" menu on the left side.
Click on the "Service" you would like to remove.
Click on the 3 dots. You can find them on the right top.
Select "Delete"
 URL:/spaces/platform/pages/4153081942/Configuration+Management+Database+CMDB