none
note
Overview


Overview


This is the project setup and preparation, scope analysis, statement of work, and kickoff phase. The team will prepare for the project by provisioning it in Smartsheet, reviewing project requirements and notes in Salesforce, meeting with the software vendor and Biller, and setting an initial go-live date. A statement of work will then be prepared, presented to the Biller, and signed before the kickoff meeting.
Project Roles
Name
Team
1
Conversion Manager (CM)
Conversions
2
Project Manager (PM)
Conversions
Change Log
Change Details
Date
Author
Version
Description
Process
Process steps and task owners.
Steps
Description
Responsible
1
Welcome Email
Send a welcome email to the Biller.  
Conversions Client Communication Documents 
folder.
PM
2
Integrator Checklist
Complete Integrator Checklist, if applicable.
3
Pre-Fill Internal Questionnaire
Fill out the Internal questionnaire in Smartsheet.  This contains most of the configurable CRM parameters to set up the customer's virtual site and Integration settings,  Invoice Types, BID, and items required by the Conversion. The goal of the questionnaire and discovery calls are key parts of the scoping process. They are used to surface and analyze all project requirements to determine if any requirements will require Dev or IT support, generate a realistic Go-Live date, and associated costs.
PM
4
Partner/Vendor/CIS Discovery Call
Meet with Partner/Vendor to determine what is needed from IC for the project, initial expected timeframes, and to discuss IC's estimated timeframe for the project
PM
5
Partner/Vendor
/
Biller/Discovery Call
Meet with the Partner/Vendor/Biller for a discovery call to share known information from the Partner/Vendor call, reaffirm the estimated timeframe for going live, and review the questionnaire. Once the Discovery Calls are completed, notify the SOW PM and forecast the Target Go-Live Date. 
PM
6
Complete  Questionnaire
During Discovery Call
PM
7
PM Update Go-Live Forecast
The PM will update the Go-Live forecast sheet in Smartsheet.
PM
8
Send  Datasheet to Biller
Send the Pre-Filled Biller Questionnaire or Datasheet to the Biller. Once returned, notify the SOW PM and forecast the Target Go-Live Date. 
PM
9
Statement/Scope of Work Draft
Based on the type of Conversion project, scope, and size, a SOW will be generated and submitted to the Project PM for review by the SOW PM.
PM
10
Scope of Work Review
A signed Scope of Work is required before officially kicking off the project with the Biller. Therefore, it is imperative that a timely review of the SOW is completed to get it to the Biller and have it returned as soon as possible. If necessary, the review can take place in the Conversion Team meeting.
 (Insert link to How To Article on SOW How To's)
CM/PM
11
Scope of Work Waiver/Reduce
SOW is submitted to leadership is if a waiver or reduction in standard pricing is requested from internal team membres
PM
12
Scope of Work Present & Sign
Once the CM and/or Project PM give final approval for content and pricing, the SOW PM will send the SOW to the Biller, request signature, follow up with any questions, and continue to follow up until the signed copy is returned. Upon receipt, the SOW PM will notify Finance to invoice and the Project PM that the requirement has been met.
PM
13
Scope of Work Process & File
Upon receipt, the SOW PM will notify Finance to invoice and the Project PM that the requirement has been met.
PM
14
Kickoff PowerPoint
Complete 
Kickoff Power Point. Reach out to Biller to schedule the project Kickoff call.  
PM
15
Kickoff Meeting
Hold a call with the Biller and all project stakeholders to provide an overview of the implementation process and what the Biller can expect.
PM
16
Post Kickoff checklist
Action Items and a follow-up email to Biller with their action items requested items BIF, BAF, or PDF samples, and any other items listed on the Datasheet.
PM
17
Datasheet
Gather all data to configure test environment
PM
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3240656987/CP1+-+Engagement