Runbook name
How to Create a JIRA Dashboard for your Project
Description
Jira Dashboard for a project to be able to keep track of all the Jira’s in one place.
On this page
Steps to create your own Jira Dashboard for a specific project. 
Good practice is to follow Steven Covey’s Habit #2 - Begin with the end in mind
Know what you want your dashboard to look like.  A simple list of all work items, different lists for open and closed items, or graphs and charts.  I prefer to just have open and closed items for a quick glance and monitoring.  I almost always start with an existing Dashboard I have previously created that typically works for the needs of my project. Before you can create a Dashboard, you must have the Issue Filters created that you want to display on your dashboard. Once you have the basics on how to create a filter and dashboard, you can create custom dashboards to meet your specific needs.
Steps to create a filter
Launch JIRA from Okta
If you’ve never created a filter, select this filter as your starting point. (http://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=11470)
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=11470
After making sure you are in List View from the top right, you will need to create a copy of the filter by selecting Copy filter from the top right.
A dialogue box will appear where you will need to save the filter with a name that makes it easy for you to find and know what it is for.  In my example, I named this filter 
Southern Oak Ins – All Items.  
Make sure My Organization is added as Viewers so it will be visible to others on your Dashboard.
In the query, you will want to replace the Requesting Biller with the Biller you want to make the dashboard for by changing the section outlined below
You do this by highlighting 
“2817 – Southern Oak Insurance Co”
 and typing in the BID for the Biller you want to make the filter for.  It should automatically find the biller you are looking for as you are typing so select it and it will insert it into your query.
Then select the magnifying glass to the right of the query and you’ll note that the issues listed change to just those issues that meet your criteria.
Once you fine tune the filters to suit your needs, select Save changes from the 
Save Filter
 dropdown to the right. The filters you create will become a starting point for your future filters since this filter combines all issues; complete and open.  I usually create at least two more filters using the one I just created. 
Now you are ready to create additional filters using this one as your starting point. First, I want to see only Open JIRAs. You do this by adding [AND statusCategory != Done] after [issuetype != Epic]
10.   Now your query should look like this and after you select the magnifying glass to the right will only return open items.
project in (EBPP, "Development Support", Integrations, "Integrations Projects","Development Support") AND issuetype != Epic AND statusCategory != Done and "Requesting Billers[Select List (multiple choices)]" ="2817-Southern Oak Insurance Co" ORDER BY updated DESC
11.   Now you must Save the Filter by selecting Save as a copy from the Save Filter dropdown.  You will want to save this in the same format with Open Items at the end instead of All Items as in 
Southern Oak Ins – Open Items. 
This will make it easy to find and recognize when pulling into your Dashboard.
12.   You must again share the filter with those you want to be able to view this on your dashboard.
13.   Repeat steps 9-12 except replacing [statusCategory != Done with [statusCategory = Done] (essentially just removing the exclamation mark in front of the = sign).  Now you will save and share (don’t forget to share) your new filter with 
Done Items
 or 
Completed Items
 at the end as in 
Southern Oak Ins – Completed Items. 
Now your query should look like this:
project in (EBPP, "Development Support", Integrations, "Integrations Projects","Development Support") AND issuetype != Epic AND statusCategory != Done and "Requesting Billers[Select List (multiple choices)]" ="2817-Southern Oak Insurance Co" ORDER BY updated DESC
Steps to Creating a Dashboard
Now you are ready to start creating your dashboard.  Again, starting with an existing Dashboard is the easiest way to do this.  You can use the following Dashboard as your starting point.  (http://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10349)
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10349
  You can add/remove columns as you see fit in later steps.
The first Step is to copy this Dashboard into your own. Select the 3 dots on the top right and then copy from the dropdown.
You will then be prompted to Name it.  This Name will appear on the top of the Dashboard and in your search later. It should retain the share but make sure it says My Organization under Viewers.
Next, we need to pull in the filters you just created to replace the ones in the Dashboard you copied.  Select Edit from the top right.
There are 2 filters in this Dashboard to change to the ones you just created. You do that by selecting Configure from the 3 dots dropdown in the ‘Gadget’ box. (Make sure you are selecting the correct 3 dots as pictured below)
From here you will replace the filter (I like keeping the Open Items at the top of my Dashboard since I look at those daily). Start typing in the Saved Filter Box until the filter you want to use appears.
Once the filter is selected, scroll down below the field list and select Save
Now repeat steps 5-7 for the next ‘Widget’
The final step is to go to the top of your Dashboard and select Done.
10.   If you are not satisfied with the fields that are displaying, or the order that they are in, you can always go back in to Configure. You would select Edit from the top right.
11.   Then select the 3 dots from within the ‘Gadget’ you want to Configure. (make sure it is the correct 3 dots as shown below)
12.   Then Select fields you wish to add or remove from the Columns to Display section.  Select the Trash Can to remove or Add columns to display drop down. You can begin typing in the text box to get to the item you want quicker. Be sure to Save when you are done with your changes
Some Notes on How I use this Dashboard:
By sorting by most recent Updated JIRAs I can quickly see what changed for the ones that changed recently.  It also allows me to see the ones that have not changed in a while so I can reach out for an update if needed.
By seeing the Sprint, I can get an idea on when development will start.  I can walk you through where to see that in JIRA
Then using the Story Points and the 
Product Estimation Guide
, I can guestimate when it is close to if not 100% complete
By using the Scrum Team I can see which Product Manager to pester…
The Reporter Field tells me who I need to talk to if there are any questions about what is being asked for.
The Fix Version is assigned once in the Deployment Queue so I can inform the Biller when something will be released and ready for validation.  Plus, it is useful when backtracking when something was released.
Go Live Blocker is useful if used…
The Assignee Field tells me if I need to have a conversation about a JIRA is not yet assigned.
Status tells me, well, the status.  I love seeing Deployment Queue or Final Review or Resolved
10.   Commitment Date was used for a while by Product but has not been used of late.  Integrations uses Due Date which is populated right after they triage an ITG and create the INT.
11.   Created Date helps me gauge how long it has been since it was created.  If really, really old, it may be that we are not intending to do this work item.  Plus, I like having birthday parties for the ones that have been around long enough for them.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3900408008/Create+a+JIRA+Dashboard+for+your+Project