Problem Alignment
Project 
Copy Biller Settings Tool
Objective 
Provide a tool in the CRM to allow a user to copy settings and configuration from one BID to another.
Status 
Phase 1 Complete 
Jira
EBPP-4238
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
Target Release Date 
Team 
We’ll Do It Live!
Sponsors
 
 
 
The Problem
Implementation Project Managers are often tasked with creating at least 2 BIDs for new Billers; one for Production use and one for ongoing testing. In rare cases, several environments (3-5) must be created to account for all the Biller's lower environments. The configuration for these BIDs must be identical to ensure functionality, behaviors, and outcomes are consistent between testing and live use. This introduces a unique challenge for the Implementation teams, as there are hundreds of settings and configurations that must be checked to ensure consistency. 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
If the configuration between Production and Test environment are inconsistent, it may have a negative impact on the Go-Live experience due to the user experience not matching what the Biller observed and validated during User Acceptance Testing (UAT). 
When clients come to learn that there is no automated promotion procedure to transition from TEST to PROD, they become concerned that there may be more discrepancies or inconsistencies to be discovered. Confidence issues may then lead to Go-Live delays and/or negative impacts to initial NPS scores.  
Audience: Who are we building for?
IC Onboarding Teams: Implementations and Delivery
High-level Approach
Create a new tool in the CRM which allows the user to copy various configurations from one Biller to another. The “source” Biller may exist in any state, but the “target” Biller must be in Demo mode. Configuration areas that are available to copy include Invoice Types (and their settings), Biller Options, E-Mail templates, Virtual Site/Customer Portal components, Products, and/or Invoicing components.  
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we have solved this problem when Implementation teams are able to replicate a Biller setup with perfect parity.
Solution Alignment
Key Features- Phase 1
With Phase 1 complete, the following functionality is available:
Datapump Configurations
Terminals
Advance Settings
Options
Invoice Types & Settings
Products
Virtual Site/Customer Portal
Integration Summary
Emails
Service Fees
Biller Pricing
Profile
Phase 2- In Scoping as of 5/6/2025
Out of Scope/Considerations
The tool will not permit the user to copy settings to a Live Biller
The intent is for this to be a one-time-user tool on billers without config settings already set: syncing changes after an initial copy or performing any sort of overwrite is out of scope 
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
N
No 
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
N
No
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
N
No we won’t be promoting this at this time
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Y
Yes ITK training to be done.
Implementations
Process Changes
Y
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Y
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
N
No
Support
Biller questions and support
N
No
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
N
No
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
N
No
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2243592193/CRM+Tool+Copy+Biller+Settings