Overview
The Product team needs to meet regularly across InvoiceCloud functional teams to ensure alignment and provide a venue for learning and feedback. This list outlines regular cross-functional meetings, owners, objectives, and frequency. 
 What’s Missing?
Regular sync with CSM team (Voice of the Customer)
Get feedback from them on what customers are asking for, how new features are received, where different verticals are headed / annual priorities, etc.
Regular sync with Customer Support
What bugs are we most frequently hearing about?
How have issue counts trended in the last (month?)
  Meetings
Meeting Name
Owner
Frequency
Attendees
Objective
New Product Requests
Product 
[NAME] 
Weekly (Tuesday 4p ET)
Anyone who wants to submit a request
PM running this meeting is assigned on a rotating weekly basis. 
[Link to list - let’s move it to Confluence]
Review requests submitted through our CRM web form, understand what’s needed and why, and generally capture enough information to triage on Wednesday. 
Weekly Product Triage
Product
[NAME] 
Weekly (Wednesday 2p ET)
PMs, Tech Leads
Review items discussed during the New Product Requests meeting. Take action on each item:
Needs more information (blocked)
Send to a delivery team
Closed / Won’t Do
Incident Management Review
Engineering
Weekly (Friday 10:30a ET)
PMs whose teams were involved in an incident need to attend.
Product Prioritization Review
 
Weekly (Monday 5p ET)
CSM, CS, Implementation leaders
Review items currently in the Go Live team’s backlog and any tickets that have been escalated as an urgent priority. 
Monthly Product/Marketing Initiatives Review
 
Monthly (Wednesday 4p ET)
PMs, Product Marketing
Review current list from Mkt team on what’s in the Cloudburst plan for the upcoming month, PMs provide status updates
Review of any future projects / roadmap from each team by PMs so Mkt team is aware
Review and update value drivers documents based on current project status’
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2947448850/Cross-Functional+Meeting+Schedule