Epic Link:
EBPP-3432
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
:flag_on:
atlassian-flag_on
:flag_on:
#FFF0B3
Maintain this section throughout the life of the project
Project Status
 Smooth Sailing!
 We are here as of 
 
 Dark Clouds Above
 Bad Things, Man
Phase
Discovery
Coding/Testing
Ext Comm
Deployment
Monitoring
Status
In progress
Not Started 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
Est Completion
 
 
 
 
 
:speaking_head:
1f5e3
🗣️
#ABF5D1
Prepare this section for the review meeting
 Problem Alignment
Currently we don’t support service requests for starting or stopping services for utilities vertical. This functionality has been requested by several utilities billers and some insurance billers. The problem some of these billers face is that there CIS systems might support start / start service or policies but their payment processor does not. Therefore their payer experience when viewing their account or making a payment they have no indication of the status of their account. Therefore we have an opportunity to create a service request feature for requesting start or stop of service. 
 Objective
The objective of this project is to introduce a service request feature specifically for starting or stopping utility service into the GUB market. This aligns with InvoiceCloud’s goal to provide more tailored vertical specific options and aligns with phase one of our roadmap plan to build features for Enterprise Utilities. 
 Success Metrics
List the project goals and metrics that will be used to determine its success.
Goal
Metric
Current
Good
Great
Raise revenue
Gain revenue from start / stop service fees. 
Process more payments 
Increased number of payments processed due to start / stop service fees 
Only collecting on Collier County CloudPay item
Increased number of payments processed on time, before due date. Long term we want to be influencing people to not go into stop service / policy
Number of past due invoices per month
need ITR
 Target Audience
Group
Impact
Biller Portal users
 The biller portal group will see account statuses on the customer profile and can make payments for the payer to have service / policy restart, stop. 
Payers 
Payers on IC virtual site or customer portal will have access to their account status and can make payments for starting service / policy again is disconnected.
IC CS Staff 
InvoiceCloud internal staff will need tools to support processing stopping service, starting service to tell. 
 User Interaction and Design
Is this a revision to existing UI or a blue sky approach?
What deliverables are expected as a result?
Place mockups, flow diagrams, etc, here when available.
 Components Impacted
What components within the Invoice Cloud platform will be impacted
Component
Impact
CRM
We will need to add some customizable controls for the billers most likely. These may be configurations on days past due to stop service, start / stop fee, email configurations for stop / start service. 
Payer Site - Virtual Site 
On search have account status and directions to request starting or stopping service  
Payer Site - Customer Portal 
Have account status in customer portal, and ability to request starting or stopping service - submitting this request to the biller.
Biller Portal 
Customer profile updates, reporting on start/stop service, customer history line item updates. Could utilize our existing service request feature to also respond back to payers on their requests in the biller portal. 
 Technical Architecture
What are the right questions to ask or diagrams to provide for this section?
 Testing Plan
In Scope
Features/tasks that will be tested
Out of Scope
Features/tasks that will not be tested
Environment/Tools
Where will this be tested and specific tool/knowledge required
Risks
What could impact this plan and mitigation plan
Resources
Any test data, files, settings needed for testing
Assumptions
What useful constraints are in place
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Serviceability/Observability
What are the right questions to ask or diagrams to provide for this section?
:info:
atlassian-info
#B3D4FF
 Project Participants
Name
Company
Team
Role
Shelby Webster
InvoiceCloud
Team SPAM
Product Manager
Mark Lagunez 
InvoiceCloud
Team SPAM
Technical Lead
Nicole Furi
InvoiceCloud
Design
Design
National Fuel
National Fuel
 Requirements
Requirements supporting background: 
Previously we have had billers want to use the 3rd notification for sending notifications of close to stop service, however if they are a balance forward biller, which most utilities are, and their shutoff timeline is into the next billing cycle period then it starts to get confusing as to the new invoice and the balance.  
Its common that billers will want to send a delinquency notification automatically once they get X number of days past the due date.
Requirement
Importance
Jira Link
Notes
Must be mobile responsive
HIGH
Red
 Notifications for close to stop service / policy
 
 
 
Notifications for service / policy reinstated
Biller Portal updates for Account statuses 
Payer site updates for Account Statuses 
 Competitive Analysis
Kubra has a pre-pay product but nothing stop / start service or policy. 
N&D group is asking for account statuses to be added to the InvoiceCloud site. They did have this previously with Paymentus. However there doesn’t appear to be a start / stop service / policy product on Paymentus.
 Dependencies
Dependencies are around working with a dedicated and narrow group of partners. It will be dependent on integrations with the partners to actually send service or policy updates back. InvoiceCloud will be responsible taking payments and account notifications but the CIS systems will be responsible for posting back for actual shut off service.
 Assumptions
List any assumptions you have about your users, technical constrains, business goals, etc.
 Timeline
Event
Date
Confidence
Status
Kickoff call
 
Incomplete
Design review
 
incomplete
Red
 
Deliverable #1 
 Open Questions
Question
Owner
Answer
Date Answered
What is the thing that we need to know?
 
Here is the answer to that question
Type // to add a date
 Out of Scope
List the features discussed which are out of scope of might be revisited in a later release.
 Communication Checklist
Comm Audience
Task
Notes/Actions
Project team members
Early Access Billers
All Billers
Partners
Internal \ Training
Internal \ Support+CSM
Internal \ Sales
Internal \ Boarding
Internal \ General
Add rows if needed
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2523987979/CSS+Service+Request