Status
In Progress
Green
 
Impact
 
Medium
Yellow
 
Driver
 
Approver
@ approver
Contributors
Transcard product/engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
Informed
FS Stakeholders 
Due date
 
Resources
Transcard Developer Portal
 Background
Customers using our inbound and outbound solutions must sign into two reporting portals. This highlights the two separate solutions that put us at a disadvantage against our primary competition, One Inc., which has a single portal. In addition, it makes it more difficult for billers to see a comprehensive customer payment history and it is a clunky user experience to log into two different portals. 
  Options considered
Soft Data files
Embed PowerBI
SSO using link from SmartHub to Biller Portal
Embed SmartHub Functionality w/i biller portal
Description
Transaction level data, and we would import the reports into IC - SFTP that is passing the data back and forth
Allow Outbound reporting into biller portal
Three API calls - one to specify the data set, what workspaces (folders of reports) and the third is what report is in there
Iframe with a byte string array
We need to double-check how to do security
Roll-level security
Lightweight option – 
Add a link to Biller Portal that will open to a new tab for users
If users have authenticated to SmartHub once, they will be automatically signed into SmartHub
User management and creation complicates this option 
Questions:
What does the first login user experience look like?
What will the experience look like if the user does not have access to SmartHub? 
(Do we need a BP permission for outbound?)
SmartHub Functionality
(details moved further down page until we have more discovery)  
Pros and cons
 Allow user to see outbound trx in BP 
 A hybrid solution that allows customers to see the reporting data, but SmartHub would still be required to take act.
 Allow user to see outbound trx in BP
 Cons: a hybrid solution that allows customers to see the reporting data, but SmartHub would still be required to take action
 
 The user experience between the two portals is still different 
 
 Requires recreating TC Smarthub, and keeping up with future enhancements  
Estimated size
medium
Yellow
 
Medium
Yellow
small
Green
 
Large/Xlarge
Red
 
Embedded Outbound in Biller Portal Option Details
Must have:  
The ability to pull in outbound payment status/details realtime including recipient, email address, phone number, amount, method, payment due date, payment date, status, and payable ID. 
Payment Details: 
retrieve-payable-details
 and 
retrieve-payable-history
 
Payable Status: Could be pulled into IC using webhooks 
Webhook Details
Payment activity log  - Would need to track webhook history?
The ability to cancel a payment 
https://developer-sandbox.transcard.com/products/payables/guides/cancel-smart-disburse-payments
 
Ability to search payments in the biller portal
The ability to view attachments - requires a new API from Transcard 
The ability to view exception details - this would come from the webhook 
Could have: 
Payments integrated into the customer history 
Paper check details 
Outbound payments dashboard/metrics 
 Action items
Add action items to close the loop on open questions or concerns.




1


1


complete


 to share the developer portal documentation with BMS team and schedule follow-up. 






4


4


complete


BMS team to review API documentation and start scoping embedding outbound w/i biller portal. 






5


5


incomplete


Work with Transcard to determine how we will get transaction details w/o a payable ID. 






6


6


incomplete


BMS team to size effort for embedding outbound. 






7


7


incomplete


Sarah Check with Transcard about what we would do for funding report?






8


6944c8de-e65a-4e4f-b1cb-a9f6ba09c88e


incomplete


Add MVP vs nice to haves 






9


bdd4f298-cefe-4fe3-80ee-8791f4f7f914


incomplete


Schedule time with TC to answer open questions 






10


1d22bd61-f471-43e6-b30d-01af8082a8bf


incomplete


Any additional portal 






11


65dd0e59-d8a8-4ba3-9813-c6fd852bd6cf


complete


Add BMS team to smart hub  




 Outcome
Summarize the outcome.
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3629187204/DACI+Options+for+Connecting+IC+Biller+portal+w+SmartHub