none
General Requirements
Files
All files need to be in a CSV format, or a format that can easily be converted to a CSV (e.g XLSX) before encryption and requires a header.
All AutoPay/Payment Method/Customer Registration files should be encrypted before being uploaded.
Specific file requirements can be found within: 
File Requirements for Data Conversions
 
Testing
Whenever we do need to conduct a data conversion with a biller, we always require a test import to be done and validated before moving onto a production import.
The reporter is required to provide the testing BID, so that the test import can be conducted on it.
If a test import is done on the biller’s production BID itself, then it’s required for the test import to be purged before their go-live.
Validation
Every step of the data conversion process needs to be validated with the biller. It can be the results of each import or with confirming the correct header selections from the file.
Every import requires it to be validated after completion, and before moving onto either the production import or resolving the parent item.
note
This part of the process is usually handled by the reporter communicating with the biller.
The biller will evaluate and validate either a portion or the full entirety of the imported data, and will likely take time to get back to the reporter during the process.


This part of the process is usually handled by the reporter communicating with the biller.
The biller will evaluate and validate either a portion or the full entirety of the imported data, and will likely take time to get back to the reporter during the process.


Advisory Notices
Data Pump
When doing the import, if DataPump is enabled and the flags involved for AutoPay, Paperless, and Registrations/Customer Changes are enabled, then any of the imports that occur will create a relevant DataPump record. 
We are only allowed to, at most, have 50000 records created for DataPump in a Data Conversion. If the number of records exceeds this limit across the multiple files, then the only permissible path is for the results to be provided from a report file via Data Services.
Any request to send records more than 50000 for DataPump needs to be escalated to your Manager to discuss. 
Multi-Customer Login (MCL)
There are risks inherent with conversions for MCL billers.
 
We require either of these two paths as normally payment method information gets stored at the owner-login record, but for MCL billers this causes the payment method to get tied to whoever registers for the account first.
Each individual file has their own requirements and ways of going about it, but in-general with a conversion for a MCL biller, we require either two things:
Customer User Registration needs to be done, and the other files of the conversion need to have data that can be tied to that import.
A statement-of-work (SOW) needs to have been signed that we treat them as a non-MCL biller with the conversion, and the biller takes the risk of anything going wrong.
We don’t allow for the creation of “dummy” users as a part of the registration process. This was a process where we created a fake login to tie the payment method to.
If this work is needed, then it needs to be discussed on a case-by-case basis, as well as for approval.
Flowchart
0
1
4248469564
4293754912
DCDiscovery.drawio
1
0
1
1
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki
DCDiscovery.drawio
0
u_NJk6d40MqeJBR6x6Jo 1
709
auto
1
top
2981
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/4248469564/Data+Conversion+Process+Information