Runbook name
Data Migrations - Including multi-login Billers
Description
This runbook documents the process you’ll need to follow when performing data migrations for projects, including ones that have a multi-login requirement.  
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
 
 
1.0
Initial version
Sept 4, 2024
 
1.1
Finished editing added documents
Nov 14, 2024
MGreer
1.2
Added new process for conversions over 50K records
Nov 14, 2024
 
1.3
Updated all links to docs on SharePoint so when a doc is updated it will reflect correctly
Feb 25, 2025
 
1.4
Data Conversion JSM items have been added to the Data Conversions Jira process. Updated information on Step 4.  
Summary
As part of a new implementation or a conversion project, InvoiceCloud may need to import card, or ACH data for a Biller.  That data is usually hosted by a payment processor, but in the case of ACH, the data may be hosted by the Biller.  
Besides the data itself, other aspects of the project need to be considered when discussing migrations with a Biller.  For example, IC data pumps paperless and autopay enrollments to most CIS. If the biller is converting more than 50,000 records, it is best practice not to data pump the changes and instead provide a CSV file with the same details that Data Pump provides. However, based on the integration type, Engineering may agree to post the records via Data Pump. Any conversion over 50K records requires a conversation with management. 
Talking points
Here are some 
talking points
:
1- Are we converting ACH or Card data?
2- Who has the data now? The Biller, the payment processor, or both?
3- How many records will be converted for card/ach? (An estimated number is OK).
 If the Biller is converting 
more than
 50,000 records, talk to your manager. Based on your conversation with IM leadership and Engineering, you will inform the Biller if IC will data pump records or will provide a file. Remember: Most CIS do not need the migration data posted. They only need it if the CIS is a new install and if they do not have autopay, paperless flags already.
4- For current auto-pays that the Biller runs, is every user registered, or does the Biller run ACH auto-drafts manually? (Meaning, they upload an ACH file to their bank.)
5- Is the Biller enabling multi-login? 
6- How will IC know that the migration data provided by the CIS or the Biller is accurate and was extracted from the correct database (production)?
note
Process


Process


Steps
Description
Role Responsible
1
Share IC documentation with the biller.
Following your conversation with the Biller, you can download this document and edit it. This document shows the data IC needs to convert ACH/Card data and the way to securely encrypt and upload the file without using an encryption key. 
Download and tailor the document to meet the Biller needs: 
ACH_Card Migrations Info to Billers
2_File Formats_MultiUser
2_File Formats_NonMultiUser
Converting ACH or Card data _ Info to IM_Internal only
Encrypting the data migrations file.
 
 
Remember: 
All data files must be encrypted
. Invoice Cloud suggests using a secure and friendly encryption process (documented above) but we can also handle private/public keys and drop files via SFTP. 
If your Biller uses multi-login, pre-fill the SOW and send to the Biller for signature: 
SOW - Autopay Migrations Template
 
NOTE: 
This is a Template Please DOWNLOAD Before Filling Out.
If the conversion is for more than 50,000 records, and Engineering confirmed that no Data Pump will happen, then provide to the biller an example of what the CSV file they will get. You will need to create the sample CSV file; It must mimic the fields that IC posts via data pump.  For example, some CIS may receive account number, autopay flag (Y/N). Other billers may get more fields. It depends on the integration. Here is a 
sample 
file: 
sample file migrations data instead of data pump.
 
IM
2
Encryption Key.
If your Biller requires the use of Public Key Encryption, please review this document and send it to the Biller: 
3_Encryption (PKE)
IM
3
Test conversion in Demo
We must test all migrations in demo to ensure the file formats are right and to give the Biller 
time
 to audit the migration.  We will ask the Biller to verify 
multiple
 converted accounts by comparing IC and the system holding the data to ensure we got it right.   Biller should verify a variety of account types such as regular, delinquent, landlords, tenants, registered and unregistered users, etc., 
You must emphasize that verifying the converted data is a 
CRITICAL
 step. 
IM
4
Submit a Jira request
Once the Biller is ready to provide the data, you can submit the JIRA. The required information is listed in the Jira to be filled out, an example of what is needed can be found in the below link.  
Data Migration JSM Example
For more information about how to submit a migration JIRA, check out this document: 
How to Create a Data Migration Jira Request
IM
5
Test
After the Engineering team completes the migration, the Biller can audit the migration. If testing passes, then the migrations can be completed in production. 
Warning: Make sure that the option to send emails in demo is disabled before the migration
 
starts.  If emails are enabled, Payers may get emails about autopay migrations. 
IM
Gong Recording Example
Hint: Listen to this Gong recording to review the SOW process explained to a multi-login client: 
https://us-21061.app.gong.io/call?id=8373629844530874072
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3370287130/Data+Migrations+-+Multi-login+and+Non-Multi+Login