Discovery Work:
6 Months of Gong Conversations (1,000+ Conversations) Analyzed & Internal Stakeholder Interviews 
 
Supporting Docs
 
 
Idea Worksheet:
What problem or opportunity is the customer experiencing? Why is this problem meaningful and worth addressing?
Billers are experiencing challenges with data migration from InvoiceCloud to CIS platforms through data pump. Data pump errors lead to time consuming manual processes for the biller that requires multiple parties to verify and confirm data has been accurately reflected on their platform. Additionally, given a shift into the enterprise market, IC should be well positioned to handle large data files without long delays to go-live, and a slow down in their CIS system. Billers are looking for a smoother experience, with more transparency, and less manual involvement.
What value proposition does this product / feature provide for the end user? How will it address the core problem or opportunity?
For billers, as they are seeking transparency and a more autonomous solution, this will reduce the amount of manual work required to ensure both systems are updated accurately. More opportunities to fasten go-live times that are delayed by unique integrations required by every biller.
Who is the end user of this product / feature?
Billers, Integrations, Data Services
What will this product / feature do better than other available alternatives?
Currently, many bandage solutions for unique billers; ultimately change will improve onboarding, maintenance, and client service support when reworked
How will we make money on this product / feature?
Faster go-live times, see MRR roll in faster; prevent churn? Enable us to be more competitive in enterprise market. Implementations expects with a configurable interface for onboarding, we can accelerate go-live by 3 months.
What happens if we don’t build this product / feature (now)?
Continue to build a list of one-time integrations and one-off solutions, potentially creating more maintenance work, and may lose on potential new logos who require faster integrations / more robust data pump capabilities.
Other Areas of Discovery Deliverables:
Revenue Impact (Complete)
Assumed 3 Month Go-Live Acceleration
Impact of 3 Year Pipeline - Pipeline and Forecast from FP&A / Tableau
1% Conversion of TAM due to 120 day to 30 day onboarding improvement; may attract more insurance and enterprise prospects
Final Requirements (In Progress 2/19 Discovery Call)
Tech Discussions
Sizing Efforts
Tech Discussions
4. Business Case Calculator
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/4010278937/Data+Pump+Discovery