Overview
Dependabot is an automation tool provided by GitHub that helps keep dependencies up to date and in compliance. In the Azure DevOps ecosystem, it is established using timer-triggered pipelines to continuously monitor dependencies defined in a target project and automatically create pull requests to update them when new versions are released. 
Key Features & Benefits
Automated Dependency Updates:
 Dependabot checks for outdated dependencies and creates pull requests to update them, reducing manual effort.
Security Alerts and Fixes:
 It identifies vulnerable dependencies and can automatically generate pull requests to fix known security issues.
Multi-language Support:
 Dependabot supports a wide range of package managers and ecosystems, including npm, Maven, NuGet, pip, Docker, and more.
Customizable Configuration:
 Dependabot is highly configurable and provides the ability to define the cadence at which it checks for updates, which dependencies to ignore, and how pull requests are created using a 
dependabot.yml
 configuration file.
Improved Security:
 Quickly addresses vulnerabilities in dependencies.
Reduced Maintenance Overhead:
 Automates the repetitive task of checking for and applying updates.
Consistent Updates:
 Ensures dependencies are updated regularly, reducing the risk of technical debt.
Goals
Implement the Dependabot Automation in Azure DevOps
Simplify the process of making large-scale package updates distributed across multiple repositories.
Greatly improve compliance & security adherence as a result of keeping things up-to-date or highlighting where things need to be updated.
When necessary - update specified packages to meet certain requirements
e.g. “Only 
System.Text.Json
 should be updated in this repository and the semantic version should only ever be bumped by a 
patch
 or 
minor
 increment (e.g. 
0.0.x
 or 
0.x.x
 )
Implementation Findings
Dependabot comes from the GitHub ecosystem, and while it is natively integrated in that environment, it is able to be leveraged across the majority of the most common, modern DevOps platforms available - including Azure DevOps.
Historically, the recommended approach for enabling Dependabot in Azure DevOps was to use the 
third-party extension from Tingle Software
 or self-host the bot using the 
dependabot-script
.
As of May 2025 - the 
dependabot-script
 repository has been archived, and GitHub has recommended using the CLI to leverage Dependabot functionality.
The CLI-based approach has decoupled the dependabot update job from the Pull Request creation task - which was not previously the case when using the Dependabot extension or self-hosting approach in Azure DevOps.
This is actually a huge benefit and provides additional flexibility since it allows the dependency update job to run and produce JSON output which can be used to create PRs, reporting, etc.
Implementation Process
Enabling Dependabot in a given repository is easy - however, there are some considerations to be made prior to running the tool against an existing repository.
A Build Validation
 should be configured on the target (i.e. 
main
) branch for the repository in Azure DevOps. This ensures that whenever dependencies are updated and PR’ed, a CI run will commence and verify automatically that both the build & unit test steps complete successfully prior to allowing the code to merge. 
This also introduces shift-left DevOps practices into the PR workflow and adds a best-practice approach for PRs + Code Reviews. Win/Win
A Dependabot configuration file is added to the repository - GitHub documentation in this area is currently very scant, but they have recommendations for assessing the full schema. 
See here for information on the 'job' yaml.
A Dependabot pipeline - should use 
trigger: none
 - can be configured to run based on a timer trigger, or simply just be run on-demand, as needed.
Current + Future State
Centralizing the pipeline has been a topic that has arisen on several occasions.
The initial recommendation is to set the tool up on a repository-by-repository basis since it will potentially create large numbers of pull requests. Early adoption of this tool should be highly intentional and only be fully automated after at least one manual update has occurred without issues. 
Introduce additional package managers
These can simply be defined in the Dependabot configuration file but there may potentially be additional pipeline steps necessary to enable build or update behavior - Dependabot uses separate Docker images for each type of package manager that it supports.
Explore using the updater job’s output for other purposes beyond Pull Requests
Since the Update Job & Pull Request creation are decoupled - it may be possible to use the output of the job for reporting or audit purposes. This will require some additional scripting tasks & potentially pipeline jobs + template parameters to enable different automation behavior such as aggregation of results and/or notifying + alerting.   
References
Dependabot quickstart guide - GitHub Docs
Dependabot - GitHub
dependabot/cli: A tool for testing and debugging Dependabot update jobs.
dependabot/example-cli-usage: Demonstrates how to self-host Dependabot :dependabot:
https://github.com/rhyskoedijk/dependabot-azure-devops?tab=readme-ov-file#configuring-experiments
 
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4534370333/Dependabot+-+PRJ