Runbook name
How to display Jira items on your Project Dashboard
Description
Process to link related Jira items to your Project Dashboard in Smartsheet
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
 
1.0
Initial draft
Summary
The Project Dashboard is a powerful tool that’s used to consolidate project information into way that’s quick and easy to consume. The Project Dashboard has support for listing relevant Jira items and their status, but there is a small change that must be made for each project to enable this functionality. 
Enabling Jira listing on Project Dashboard
After you have successfully provisioned your project, go to the dashboard and follow the steps below to enable Jira item listing:
Steps
Description
Role Responsible
1
Note the Project ID
Take note of your project’s Project ID. This can be found in the lower right hand corner of your project dashboard in the “Project Details” section. The Project ID will begin with “IMPL” followed by a 6-digit number. 
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
2
Open the Related Jiras Report
Click on “Related JIRAs Report” from the Quick Links section of the Project Dashboard, under Project Links.  
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
3
Change the Filter Criteria
In the report, click the “Filter” button in the toolbar. Change the filter to “Project ID is equal to” and your project’s Project ID. Then Click OK
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
Troubleshooting
If after following the steps above you do not see your Jira items listed on the Project Dashboard, please check the following. 
Steps 
1
Confirm at least one Jira item has the Project ID recorded to it. 
The process relies on your Jira items having the Project ID recorded to it using the “Implementation Project ID” field. If this field does not contain the Project ID, update this field in Jira then check your Dashboard again. You may need to wait 10-15 minutes for the change to replicate down to your Project Dashboard
2
Confirm the Project ID was entered correctly on the Related Jira Items report
If the Project ID filter was not applied correctly, it would affect the records that it returns. Retrace your steps and confirm that the Project ID filter was properly set. The Project ID just be entered in the format” IMPL###### and cannot any spaces or special characters. 
3
Ask for help
If you have reached Step 3 and are still not seeing Jira items you expect to be there, please contact 
 for assistance. 
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3081699337/Display+JIRA+items+on+your+Project+Dashboard+in+Smartsheet