Overview
Of the many benefits provided by containerization, their ability to provide temporary infrastructure is one of the most powerful. Containers can give developers & testers the ability to create prod-like testing infrastructure without needing to have physical or cloud resources provisioned first - preserving data integrity, improving security, and saving money on infrastructure costs. Within modern container ecosystems, most databases are supported or even have official images provided by the vendor or maintainer - many development organizations are even using containerized databases for production workloads.
Use Cases & Benefits
Local Development - 
Containerized database instances can be used to run local development environments with a wide gradient of customization options. Databases can be stood up, customized, and torn down without impacting any deployed infrastructure or needing external connections from the local machine.
Acceptance, Regression, and End-to-End Testing
 - Containerized database instances allow for temporary, production-like environments that can be used to run e2e application tests using existing testing frameworks and tooling. 
Reduced Load & Improved Data Integrity on Existing Database Servers -
 Containerized database instances remove traffic from existing, hosted infrastructure and provide isolated environments that fit specific testing scenarios without compromising the integrity of existing databases or requiring provisioning of specific infrastructure for testing.
Faster Feature Development - 
Containerized databases allow fully localized feature development or development of prototypes locally without requiring changes to be deployed and tested on remote infrastructure. Databases can be disposed of at-will and recreated from a foundational image to reduce change management and preserve integrity of remote resources.
Goals
Establish a process for containerizing Microsoft SQL Server databases. Combine this with existing application of schema to Biller Shard databases to create a fully localized development environment.
Establish DevOps process for keeping the containerized Biller Shard image up to date with the 
IC-BillerShard
 SQL Project used to apply DACPAC to existing customer shards in the IC ecosystem.
Establish example patterns for setting up local instances of the containerized Biller Shard database including
Seeding Data
Utilizing the containerized database in application code
Using the containerized database for e2e testing with Playwright
Establish example pipeline instance that
Pulls the containerized database instance from ACR
Runs the containerized database instance on localhost network
Executes set up & tear down tasks
Executes an example test using Playwright.
Future Expansions
Evaluate customization points for existing container instances
Allow developers/testers to create different base image versions that are pre-seeded with data, users, etc.
Introduce additional containerized databases - Postgres, Cosmos, etc. - to enable identical, ephemeral behavior for alternative databases.
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4605149201/Ephemeral+Databases+-+PRJ