Introduction
ESRE items are first identified, reviewed, and/or groomed in the Discovery phase before moving into the Delivery phase. In the Delivery phase, items are triaged, in progress, blocked, peer reviewed, reviewed by the CRC, and deployed when finished.
The progress of an ESRE Jira item can be tracked via the Status indicator on the top-right of the item. 
Status Breakdown By Board
Discovery Board
Pending Review
This column includes the statuses: New, Pending Review, and Backlog. These statuses indicate that the item in question has not been worked on nor groomed to be assigned. 
In Review
This column includes the statuses: In Review, Design Review, and Design-Vetting. These statuses indicate that the item contains the necessary information for the deliverables to be met. 
Grooming
This column includes the status: Grooming. This status indicates that item is being tuned to ensure that the work required is deliverable within the expected delivery date. 
Blocked
This column includes the status: Blocked. This status indicates that the item cannot be completed without first completing a prerequisite item. 
Delivery Board
Pending Triage
This column includes the status: Pending Triage. This status indicates that the item is ready to be worked but first must be assigned a Priority and an Assignee. 
In Progress
This column includes the status: In Progress. This status indicates that the item is currently being worked on by the developer that is assigned to the item. 
Blocked
This column includes the status: Blocked. This status indicates that the item cannot be completed without first completing a prerequisite item. 
Tech Lead Review
This column includes the status: Tech Lead Review. This Status indicates that the item is currently being peer-reviewed. The reviewer will use the Testing tab on the item to indicate which stage of testing they are on. 
CRC Review
This column includes the status: CRC Review. This status indicates that the item is set to be reviewed by the product team leads. Members of the product team will provide feedback on the Pull Request. 
Done
This column includes the statuses: Closed, Deployment Queue, and Resolved. This status indicates that the developer has completed the item and is no longer actively coding. All that remains is to push the item into production. 
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2616983662/ESRE+Jira+Item+Lifecycle