Transcard guide: 
Security Question Suggestions for Recipient Verification 050925.pdf
Purpose: Security questions can play a valuable role in a layered fraud prevention and recipient verification process. They are best used in combination with other controls such as identity validation, device recognition, and behavioural monitoring.
We recommend using specific, transaction-based verification questions that are more dynamic than static questions with potentially commonly known answers. These questions should be tailored to each use case and updated regularly to reduce the risk of social engineering or susceptibility.
Answers to security questions are not case sensitive. The system will also ignore leading/trailing spaces when entered by the payment recipient in the UI. For example, if the security question answer is “Canada” and the payment recipient inputs any of the following, it will be accepted as valid:
“Canada”
“Canada ”
“ Canada ”
“CANADA”
“CaNaDa”
“canada”
The character allowance on both security questions and answers is 256 characters. It is recommended that you questions and answers concise and clear so as to eliminate any room for accidental invalid responses.
Be sure to mention the inclusion of formatting instructions such as: “What is your SSN? (Please enter the format as ‘XXX-XX-XXXX’)”
Policy-Specific Questions
What is the claim number associated with this request?
What is the policy type related to claim?
What is the date of the last premium paid?
Who is the insurance agent listed on the claim?
Transaction History Questions
On what date was the claim submitted?
How was the claim submitted (e.g., phone, online)?
What was the last transaction completed with the company (e.g., renewal, cancellation)?
Business-Specific Questions for B2B
What is the registered name on the policy?
What is the business’s Tax ID number?
Who is the authorized signer on the account?
When was the last premium payment made?
Follow-Up Payment Questions 
(for repeat disbursements)
To which financial institution was the last payout sent?
What was the payout method (e.g., ACH, check)?
What are the last four digits of the account that received the funds?
Whose name is on the account the payout was sent to?
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4516315137/Examples+of+SMART+Disburse+Security+Questions