none
:info:
atlassian-info
#DEEBFF
All files need to be in a CSV format, or a format that can easily be converted to a CSV (e.g XLSX) before encryption, and requires a header.
Customer Registrations Import
A customer user login conversion entails importing logins to a biller’s shard. We require a file containing this information:
Username (only required if the biller is a username-based login implementation
Email
Password
Paperless Import
The only requirements for paperless are two things:
Customer Account Number to match with an IC account number
Email Address
Autopay/Payment Method Import
note
There can only be one payment method per customer account that can be used for AutoPay.


There can only be one payment method per customer account that can be used for AutoPay.


MCL Requirements
A user login conversion is required for an MCL biller. They will need to either provide us with a new file with these details, and a column in the autopay file that matches, or it needs to be present in the ACH/CC files themselves.
The only exception to this requirement is if they sign the SOW listed in: 
Data Migrations - Multi-login and Non-Multi Login - Implementations - Confluence
Shared Requirements for ACH/CC
This data is required by conversions containing ACH/CC data for the import to be successful. It is optional for the biller to provide it in the file.
If the biller doesn’t provide it in the file, we will instead use the data that’s available in the customer record on the database.
If we don’t have this information present either in the customer record or the file itself, we’re unable to successfully save any payment methods.
Billing Name
Billing Address
Billing City
Billing State
Billing Zip
ACH Files
ACH files require this information at minimum:
Customer Account Number to match with an IC account number
Bank Account Numbers
Routing Numbers
Bank Account Types
This needs to be a value for Checking, Savings, or Commercial only.
We do have an optional requirement for ACH involving the Bank Name.
If this isn’t present in the file, this’ll be set as “My Bank” by default via the 
RegisterAutoPay
 import job.
CC Files
CC files require this information at minimum:
Customer Account Number to match with an IC account number
Credit Card Numbers
Expiration Date
This can be either combined in one column in a MM/YYYY format or into two separate “Month, Year” columns.
Relevant Additional Information
This is the a Guru card involving data conversions: 
Data Conversion Process | Guru
This is the a document that is given for file requirements: 
2_File Formats_NonMultiUser.docx
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/4248404029/File+Requirements+for+Data+Conversions