Competency & Definition 
Associate (P1)
Mid-Level (P2)
In addition to Associate
Senior (P3)
In addition to Mid-Level
Principal (P4)
In addition to Senior
Knowledge & Application
You work on small and focused projects with the guidance of a more senior Front End Developer or Tech Lead. 
Your delivered work matches prototypes as closely as possible and renders as expected between browsers and devices. 
You own the front end development for projects with some oversight, and can handle more than one project at once. You are proficient in most competencies at your level. Your work is performant and efficient.
You own the front end development for projects and execute autonomously, with high quality, and little oversight. You look for opportunities to enhance UX overall.
You provide the strategic direction for front end development, drive innovation, and influence the technical direction of the organization.
Product Leadership
You understand the structure of the Design Team as well as scrum teams. You are generally assigned to a single scrum team.
You are an active contributor in Design Team critiques by challenging designs and demoing your own work.
You can support more than one scrum team.
You are active contributor in sprint planning and grooming sessions, and participate in PR reviews with other developers. You advocate for best practices in design, accessibility, and web standards.
You actively contribute to the refinement of development processes and help other scrum team members succeed. 
You influence roadmap decisions to support the execution of enhancing UX (ex: accessibility, design system adoption)
Craft & Quality 
System
(how the product works as a system)
You understand the immediate impact of your work within the product area it sits.
You see how patterns work across the product, and how your work intersects with them.
You can think in terms of higher level vision as well as smaller tactical details. You establish coding standards, identify patterns in the product, and refine existing ones. Your work is as simple and reusable as possible.
You have an eye on the future of the product.
You are exemplary in two areas of front end development and don’t require oversight in the remaining areas. You exhibit thought leadership and educate the organization as a whole on the best practices of building web apps. 
Standards & Best Practices
You follow the coding standards of the system that are set by more senior developers. 
You leverage modern best practices in your HTML/CSS/JS and exhibit the DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself) principle.
You review existing code from other developers for quality during projects.
You optimize web applications for performance and scalability. 
Skills
You have a basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and vanilla Javascript. You understand version control systems like Git, and use design system components in your work.
You are proficient with front end frameworks like React or Angular, and have a basic understanding of SEO. 
You contribute to building design system components and ensure your work is performant. 
You have advanced knowledge of front end libraries and familiarity with build tools. 
Aesthetics & Creativity 
(how we build great UX)
Your work matches prototypes to the pixel. You take direction from designers to execute on their vision.
You look for opportunities to further enhance UX (ex: animations, transitions, simplify workflows).
You push boundaries and challenge design through the delivery process.
Business Literacy
(knowledge of the market, customers, and how to make an impact)
You understand IC’s product and the markets it serves. You have a surface understanding of the customer/user personas related to your product area.
You have a general understanding of the customer/user personas related to your product area. 
You understand IC’s business model and how the work your team does contributes to it. 
You have a deep understanding of personas in your product area and a surface level of those in other areas. 
You recommend solutions that will positively impact business. 
You have a deep understanding of all personas that use the IC product. 
Product Knowledge
(knowledge of IC and its products)
You understand the area of the product your scrum team serves (ex: biller experience). 
You have a surface level understanding of all product experiences and the IC organization.
You are considered an expert in one area of the product, and have a deep understanding of the remaining areas.
You regularly traverse IC’s organization to understand opportunities and challenges.
You are considered an expert in all areas of the product. 
Domain Expertise
(knowledge of AI, front end frameworks, build tools, accessibility, or other relevant areas to your role)
You keep up with the front end development industry at large, and have leaders you admire and learn from.
You have a passion for particular topics, and actively seek professional development to deepen your knowledge. 
You have advanced knowledge in at least one area of domain expertise, and educate others on the topic. 
You create systems and strategies for others in the company to learn and improve their own knowledge and skills. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3854761985/Front+End+Developer+Career+Path