Mission
 
The Front-End Developer is responsible for building the experiences created by Product Designers. The Front-End Developer will work closely with the rest of the design team to understand the goals of each project and help push the team to better solutions that deliver upon those goals. The Front-End Developer will execute design files handed off from the Product Designers and will be coded to match design files as closely as possible, leverage established coding standards, and meet project goals. 
Responsibilities 
 
Build experiences using modern best practices for performance and accessibility.
Regularly review designs for technical feasibility.
Participate in design critiques, push design solutions forward.
Work with a cross functional team to deliver work on expected deadlines.
Manage multiple projects at different phases of development at once.
Participate in PR reviews with development team.
Requirements
 
2+ years work experience as a Front End Developer or similar role. 
Able to build complex UI for SaaS applications.
Understanding of WCAG standards and how to implement them.
Experience with design software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Figma, etc. 
Working with designers and developers to solve problems.
Well organized and willing to learn.
Ability to execute designs that match design concepts.
Experience in CSS, SASS and/or SCSS 
Experience in front end scripting using Javascript, jQuery, React and JSON.
Experience working with APIs and JSON structures.
Experience with server side languages such as PHP and 
http://ASP.NET
   
Experience in javascript preprocessor tools like Gulp or Webpack.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design production.
Familiarity of responsive frameworks like Bootstrap or Foundation.
Familiarity with agile development.
Preferred Qualifications:
 
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. 
Strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. 
Strong writing skills.
What We Offer:
 
Competitive salary and benefits package. 
Flexible working hours and remote work options. 
Opportunities for professional growth and development. 
A collaborative and inclusive work environment. 
The chance to work on exciting projects that make a real impact. 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3887005771/Front+End+Developer