Define your requirements
Confluence is the perfect place to start defining your requirements. You can use the Product requirements template to capture your requirements, then create your Jira epic and other issues right from the requirements page in Confluence.
Here's how it works:
Create a Confluence page using the Product requirements template.
Choose the placeholder text '
Link to Jira epic or feature
' and choose 
Create new issue
 to create your epic in Jira.
Collaborate with your team to define your stories and save the page.
Highlight text on your requirements page and choose the
Create Jira issue
 link to create stories in Jira, and automatically link them to your epic.
Track the progress of the stories from the Confluence page or from within Jira.
The tight integration between Confluence and Jira Software means you can easily access issues from the Confluence page and see their status at a glance, and from within Jira Software you can see links to related Confluence pages. All the information you need is right there.
Manage your sprints
There's often a lot of material in Confluence that provides useful context for your team during a sprint. These might be requirements documents, designs, tech specs, customer research and more. By linking these pages to epics, you make them easy for your team to find during the sprint.
Here's how you can use Confluence to support your sprint from within Jira Agile:
In Jira Software, create a Confluence page to plan your sprint. The page is created using the Meeting notes template and is automatically linked to the sprint.
In an epic, link to useful Confluence pages, including requirements, designs, and more.
Report on your progress to stakeholders using the Jira Report blueprint in Confluence.
Use the Retrospective template in Confluence at the end of your sprint to take stock of what went well and not so well.
For people who work mostly in Jira Software, the integration means that useful Confluence pages are only a click away.
Your team doesn't work in a silo, so it's important to make it easy for anyone to find work you're currently working on.
Use shortcuts to keep information accessible
Next time someone asks for a status update, direct them to your space. Confluence makes it easy to give other teams a window into your world.
The space shortcuts highlighted below can be critical to navigation for both your team and your entire organization. Add team's roadmap, quarterly goals, meeting notes, important files, and decisions for easy access. You can even link to the work that's not in Confluence like tasks that are tracked in 
Jira Software
 or 
Trello
. The homepage gives a snapshot, and the shortcut links make it easy to dive deeper into those pages.
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/3020882375/Get+the+most+out+of+your+software+project+space