The purpose of the Go-Live Commitment meeting is to put pressure on the Biller and all vendors involved in a project to commit to the go-live date.
Our main job as Project / Implementation Managers is to control the schedule and avoid slippages.  InvoiceCloud only recognizes revenue when the client is fully live. It is critical for us, PMs, to question all vendors and the biller about their intentions and commitment to going live.  
Clients will move go live without any consideration if and because:
 
They do not pay IC for time and materials. Delays have no financial consequences. 
They will plan vacation or time off without telling you because IC is not their priority, their life is.  
Their current payment provider will do anything to retain them and therefore contract extensions DO happen.  
Small open issues are perceived by them as huge.  You must know what issues that are go-live blockers. 
People are resistant to change. 
So, you must:
 
Remind them often of the committed go-live date and, 
Ask them to confirm their commitment. 
About human psychology: Please read 
this article
:
 
Also a few good lines from Sarah Kathleen Peck:
 
Through the very act of asking people, you connect with them. And when you connect with them, people want to help you.
 
Creating a great ask (and 
learning the ability to say no
) are two skills that successful people learn how to do really well. When you ask well, you can 
get what you want more quickly
 saving you time and energy. 
Know what you want. 
 Often, it’s not always clear to you (or others) what it is, exactly, that you’re in need of. The more clarity you can have about what you want, the better.  
You have to actually ASK for what you want. 
There are too many people who do not ask for what they want. They’ll tell you a story, email you to say hello, spend hours talking in circles about their idea, hedge, and hum about a faint aspect of their idea and somehow hope amongst all the befuddlement that somehow the other person they are talking to will be able figure out what it is you want and help you solve your problem. 
You need to put it out there.
 
Be direct, clear, and specific about what you want. 
Make it ridiculously clear what you’re asking for. Be direct about 
what 
you want, 
who 
it’s from, and 
when 
you need it, and what a desired outcome looks like. The more specific and direct you can be, the better. 
Be selective and targeted about who you ask. 
 Asking everyone in a call is bound to get you a bunch of silence. It’s better to ask 
one person
 who is well equipped to answer your query than 15 people who aren’t. 
Additional information:
 
Why go live matters
  
A few lessons learned
 
Process for conducting Go-Live Meetings. 
(Effective June 2024)
Schedule the call after the client completes UAT.
Invite a senior leader such as the department Director and/or the VP of Implementations.
Use this PowerPoint 
Go-Live Commitment
 
Do not use this meeting to discuss any other topic.
Invite the CIS and all the vendors (when possible and applicable)
Assumption: All vendors confirmed go live date with you before this meeting. This meeting is not going to surprise anyone
Go Live Sign Off  
Template here: 
Go-Live_SignOff_AllVendors
 
Assumption: The go-live signoff document was already discussed and signed by all vendors involved in the project before the Go Live Meeting.
After the Go Live meeting is completed, send (email) the sign-off document to the Biller.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3233841206/Go-Live+Commitment+Meeting