Page Navigation:
Document status
complete
Green
 
Document owner
 
Knowledge Transfer
Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Guidewire
Zensar is a software integrator working with InvoiceCloud to integrate with Guidewire
Software Product Name
Guidewire BillingCenter, Guidewire PolicyCenter
Software Cashiering System
Not Supported
Supported Versions
9,10, Cloud Native 
Hakuba, Innsbruck, Jasper (March 2024 release), future releases
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
Make endpoint available to IC
Check with account manager on billing setup per client
Vertical
Insurance
Sample Biller Implementation
None
Feature Not Supported
Feature
Description
Suspense Payments
Suspense Payments(Payments made without account/policy existence ) is not supported with the current accelerator and will be a manual process within the GW system, that will get reflected within IC either through the invoice record where the suspense payment is applied or RTDR, if it is applied on an existing outstanding balance invoice.
Key Notes
Account Number on the Biller Portal currently uses the internal Billing id as a search parameter. On the Biller Portal, search by invoice number instead of account number, which is readily available
Customer Portal search will still work with Display Account number on the Account number search screen
For Guidewire v10 CRM Setups:  Integration Partner ID: Zensar, Integrator: Zensar, and Biller Software: HomeGrown - Blue.
For Guidewire Cloud Native CRM Setups: Integration Partner ID: Guidewire Cloud Native Accelerator, Integrator: Guidewire Cloud Native Accelerator, and Biller Software: HomeGrown - Blue.
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal: BID 2319 
Partner Hosted Test Portal: 
Policy Number: 
Mailing Zip: 
Policy Effective: 
Rules of Engagement
Refer to the integration as the 'Invoice Cloud Integration Feature' for the biller
Timeline
60-90 days
Configuration
Invoice Types
164 - Additional invoice types have not been accounted for in the integration design - only one invoice EBPP invoice type (164)
Virtual Site
Input image of suggested virtual site input/output screen. If there’s a required configuration or mapping, note that here.
Example: Integration will always use displayaccountnumber on the virtual site. Please ensure all grids, settings and options support the use of displayaccountnumber. (See 
ISI Enterprise Implementation Details
 for more detail on displayaccountnumber)
Required Options
No required options
 - enable/disable for SSO integration and biller preference
ID
Option Description
Details
108
Disable Email Address Update from BIF
If enabled, invoice file (BIF) imports will not update the customer email address. However, new emails for customers without an email address will still be inserted.
Enable – if required for integration
112
Prevent Update of Empty Account Owner Login Email After Payment
Note: 
Enable this when using Allow CC Email Updates, Prevent Email Update, and Allow Unregistered Updates.
Enable - required if Option 131 is enabled
131
Update Email Address After Payment
By default, we would allow the owner’s email addresses to be updated in the payment route if the owner’s email address is empty (
Allow email updates
).
Allow CC email updates:
 Update the CC email address when a different email is entered during the payment route. (Never update the main email address).
Prevent email updates:
 Prevent owner and CC email addresses from being overridden.
Allow unregistered updates:
 will update every time the customer is not registered.
The default value for this Option is: 
"Allow email updates"
Select appropriate action
134
Send email(s) to the payer's email address only. For the Virtual Site only.
When this option is enabled, emails will only be sent to the payer's email address (email entered in the payment route).
Enable – if required for integration
Coding Requirements
Partner Coding Requirements
What
Provided To
When
Biller Name
N/A
Project Assignment 
BID
N/A
Project Assignment 
Invoice Format ID
N/A
Project Assignment 
Invoice Format GUID
N/A
Project Assignment 
Biller GUID TEST
Biller or Software Integrator 
Project Assignment 
WebService Key TEST
Biller or Software Integrator 
Project Assignment 
Biller GUID PROD
Biller or Software Integrator 
Project Assignment 
WebService Key PROD
Biller or Software Integrator 
Project Assignment 
Invoice Type ID
Biller or Software Integrator 
Project Assignment 
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
What
Provided By
ETA
Details
Invoice Data
Biller or Software Integrator 
After kick-off
Customer Endpoints (Domain for all web services - RTDR, data pump, PDF linking)
Biller or Software Integrator 
After kick-off
Partnerid
Biller or Software Integrator 
After kick-off
Whitelisting IP Addresses
Invoice Cloud
After kick-off
Bill Presentment
Biller or Software Integrator 
After kick-off
The PDF URL for PDF linking is provided by TCCS and can be submitted with the implementation coding request. A separate track is not needed.
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/1105592393/Guidewire+Accelerator+Implementation+Details