This is how the design team is currently using AI in day-to-day work.
Use case
Description
App/tool
Benefit
Writing UI copy
Using AI to write messaging within our product to ensure consistency, adherence to plain language guidelines, and grade level targets. 
UX Copywriter
Reduced time writing UI copy
Adhere to plain language guidelines
Write to grade level 
Consistency in voice and tone
UX research plan creation
Step by step creation of user testing plans 
Usability Plan Assistant
Creates testing plans quickly and easily
Consistency in plans created
Testing prototypes, plans and assumptions
Synthetic panel of our key personas
Biller Persona Panel
Personas can quickly help us gain insight into the plans and prototypes we build
Architecting a module-federation based host app built of other remote apps
Used AI to solve problems during the process of building a module federated application with React such as implementing a runtime build plugin, solving CSS cascade issues with dynamically loaded bundles, routing in a module federated context and troubling shooting a whole host of config issues.
Claude, 
ChatGPT
Despite frequent hallucinations and spiraling showing the same incorrect answers repeatedly this did speed up time building our design-system, payer-portal, and pay-by-text modernized proof of concept applications.
Best-Practice Implementation Brainstorming
Asked AI to compare multiple best-practice approaches for building accessible and composable components (e.g., modals, multi-select, inputs, etc.) in React + TypeScript.
Claude, ChatGPT
With some guidance it was able to help create more composable design system components with improved code structure and scalability while following accessibility standards.
Prototyping
Testing tools:
Figma Make
Loveable 
Vercel 
Magic Patterns
Bolt.new
Prototype feature ideas and design mockups.
 Bolt.new allows you to upload a Figma screen and iterate from that via prompting. It also allows you to keep your output private.
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4372299782/How+Design+does+AI