Purpose
Outline how to review Skybot jobs and report issues.
Stuck Jobs
Reporting stuck jobs is the first priority since this are jobs that have not completed in the expected time and require immediate mitigation.
Steps:
Using Production AVD access Skybot via your browser.
Navigate the following tabs History > Job History
Filter by Running Status
Filter by the current date first, and by the previous date then after.
 
If you identify any jobs that have been running for more than 6 hours OR since the previous date, then updated the 
Skybot Monitoring - Issues.xlsx
.
Follow the 
Report Issue
 section
Escalate this issue to the relevant teams.
Failing Jobs
The intent is to review jobs that are failing, track the failures and escalated any critical issues.
Steps:
Navigate the following tabs History > Job History.
Filter by Error, Failed, and Overrun Status.
Go into the most recent logs and identify any exceptions.
Filter by the current date first, and by the previous date then after.
 
If one of the following conditions is met, 
stop 
and go to the next item.
The job already has a bug in 
Skybot Monitoring - Issues.xlsx
’s Bug Items tab. The reasoning is that this is an ongoing issue that has been already reported.
There is a 
Jira Alert
 and the job failure has already been acknowledged. No further actions are needed as another team member is already looking into the issue. You can navigate to the Jira Alerts by looking at the left tab on Jira > Operations > Alerts > Default Filters > All. 
Confirm if the issue is ongoing, or if it is continuing to fail.
Add to the 
Skybot Monitoring - Issues.xlsx
.
Follow the 
Report Issue
 section
Escalate any 
critical issues
 found during this review to the relevant teams. 
Please use the 
skybot-monitoring
 channel in slack.
*
Review jobs from the previous date and up until you close the item. For example, if assigned on 10/28, review jobs from 10/27 13:00:00 to 10/28 11:00:00. On Mondays, review jobs from Friday 13:00:00 to Monday 11:00:00. Times are meant to represent a general timeframe, but you should use your best judgement to try and identify any issues.
Report Issue
If an issue is found, and no bug items exist for this issue then:
Create a Bug Item
The Summary should be as follows: Skybot Monitoring | {Name of the Job} | Summary 
Example: 
EBPP-21435
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
In the Labels section, add the label “SKYBOT_MONITOR”.
Add the bug item to the 
Bug Items
 tab in 
Skybot Monitoring - Issues.xlsx
Holiday Assignment
If a Skybot Monitoring ticket is assigned during a holiday, it may be marked as 'Cancelled' with the resolution 'Won’t Do' upon return
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3430645772/How+to+monitor+Automate+Schedule+Skybot