General Understanding
Current Authentication Methods
: What authentication methods are you currently using?
Ping Identity - SAML for SSO
Supports web and mobile-based apps
Current Experience
: Have you used SSO or MFA in any of your other applications? If so, what has been your experience?
They are currently using MFA
MS authenticator, Google authenticator
Access Boston is the system they sign into (like our Okta), and they see a series of tiles from there
Support single logout ← IMPORTANT  
Requirements and Expectations
Primary Goals
:
What are your primary goals for implementing SSO (e.g., improved security, user convenience, reduced IT overhead)?
What are your primary goals for implementing MFA (e.g., improved security, compliance, user convenience)?
User Base
: How many users will need access through SSO and/or use MFA?
Applications
: Which applications or services do you want to integrate with SSO and MFA?
Tightly integrated with their HR system, so when employees are terminated, their access is immediately killed ← IMPORTANT 
Currently managed with Ping Identity
Technical Considerations
Identity Providers
: Do you have a preferred identity provider (e.g., Okta, Azure AD, Google Identity)?
Ping Identity
Authentication Factors
: Which types of authentication factors are you interested in (e.g., SMS, email, app-based, biometrics)?
Currently SMS and email and authenticator apps and token keys
AS MANY OPTIONS AS THEY CAN  ← IMPORTANT 
SMS is most used version, but they’re pushing people towards apps
They have the ability to force app use, but probably won’t
App isn’t perfect, so likely allow many options
Protocols
: Are there specific authentication protocols you require or prefer (e.g., SAML, OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect)?
Timeout is 15 minutes
Exceptions are possible, but not for IC due to money involvement
This is contradictory to the 4hr session duration we currently have
So this will need to be biller specific?
Security Requirements
: What are your security requirements and compliance needs (e.g., MFA, data encryption)?
Do you expect support will be needed for all users, or a subset?
User Experience
Experience
When they click the link to IC they’ve used for 15 years, they’re redirected to Access Boston and forced to authenticate
How do we know where to send them?  Do we split the email/password into separate steps?
User Onboarding
: How do you envision the user onboarding process with SSO/MFA?
Users are configured in the biller portal today
New way is for Identity IQ(?) to be the system of config and then pushed to IC
Would we need to align detailed permissions between these systems?
THIS IS A NICE TO HAVE?  
User Support
: What kind of user support do you anticipate needing for SSO/MFA implementation?
How would you want to receive support for adopting SSO/MFA? (video tutorials, KB documentation, 1on1 calls with client services, etc)
Integration and Maintenance
Integration Challenges
: What challenges do you foresee in integrating SSO/MFA with your existing systems?
Maintenance
: How do you plan to manage and maintain the SSO/MFA system post-implementation?
Feedback and Improvement
Feedback Mechanism
: How would you like to provide feedback during the implementation process?
Success Metrics
: What metrics will you use to measure the success of the SSO implementation?
Are there any other authentication-related concerns or improvements that you feel should be considered?
Implementation
DocuSign is a great example of how to streamline and simplify implementation
Just code to the protocol, don’t deviate, keep with standard
Be agnostic to the identity provider 
 
Should always have a backdoor user/pass (admin) that can bypass the SSO in case the provider is down 
 
Other notes
Gretchen Grozier
 2:09 PM
this is the boilerplate language we use in  Procurement docs - overview of our service: The City of Boston uses Ping Federate for user authentication and Single Sign-On (SSO). Ping Federate supports all the standard authentication protocols, including SAML, OpenID, OpenID Connect, OAuth, WS-Federation, and WS-Trust. Preference will be given to products that utilize these protocols and can integrate with our users’ existing AccessBoston credentials.
Ping Federate has integration kits for Microsoft IIS, Apache Web Server, Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphere, and Oracle Weblogic. Developers can utilize Ping Federate functionality directly from .NET, Java, PHP, Perl, and Python.
The City of Boston also utilizes Ping Access. Ping Access serves as the rules and risk engine that evaluates user access requests in accordance with our policies.
Factors which are parsed in Ping Access decisions include identity (role-based or attribute- based), network ranges, time ranges, authentication levels, session information, OAuth scopes and attributes. Ping Access can store identity and session information in JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) to provide stateful-like functionality using stateless mechanisms. Ping Access can sign JWTs for higher security, and maintain and act upon session revocation lists.  Preference will be given to products that can utilize the Ping Access pre-built connectors/adapters/templates for easier integration.
Applications must support 
both
 Single Sign-On and Single Sign-Out to be in compliance with City of Boston security policies.
Further details can be requested from the Identity & Access Management team via 
accessboston@boston.gov
Jack McDonnell
 2:14 PM
access.boston.gov
Jack McDonnell
 2:27 PM
DocuSign's SSO implementation documentation: 
https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&rsc_301&bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=njp1583359138365.html&_LANG=enus
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3871899649/IAM-SSO-MFA+Interview+-+City+of+Boston