Schedule
Biller
CSM
Date/Time
Interviewer
Notetaker
City of Portland
Blake Saltzman
 3:00pm ET
John
Ryan
City of Boston
Joel Kennedy
 2:00pm ET
John
Ryan
Norcal/ProAssurance
Joel Kennedy
 1:30pm ET
John
Angela
Kentucky Farm
Texas Mutual
TBD
TBD
TBD
Discovery Questions
Background: Our goal in these discussions is to assess the viability and potential feature set of a new InvoiceCloud initiative to introduce multi-factor authentication functionality and single sign-on functionality to serve the needs of biller customers.
Internal questions that need answers:
How familiar are our billers with the concepts of MFA and authentication security?
Is this something they want or are reluctantly adopting?
Are they even familiar that it’s becoming a PCI requirement?
What MFA features do the billers want?
What scope do we need to support for PCI vs productizing it and charging for it?
Biller interview prompts:
Note these are meant to spur discussion, and additional probing questions will be asked as we learn more.
General Understanding
Current Authentication Methods
: What authentication methods are you currently using?
Current Experience
: Have you used SSO or MFA in any of your other applications? If so, what has been your experience?
Requirements and Expectations
Primary Goals
:
What are your primary goals for implementing SSO (e.g., improved security, user convenience, reduced IT overhead)?
What are your primary goals for implementing MFA (e.g., improved security, compliance, user convenience)?
User Base
: How many users will need access through SSO and/or use MFA?
Applications
: Which applications or services do you want to integrate with SSO and MFA?
Technical Considerations
Identity Providers
: Do you have a preferred identity provider (e.g., Okta, Azure AD, Google Identity)?
Authentication Factors
: Which types of authentication factors are you interested in (e.g., SMS, email, app-based, biometrics)?
Protocols
: Are there specific authentication protocols you require or prefer (e.g., SAML, OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect)?
Security Requirements
: What are your security requirements and compliance needs (e.g., MFA, data encryption)?
Do you expect support will be needed for all users, or a subset?
User Experience
User Onboarding
: How do you envision the user onboarding process with SSO/MFA?
User Support
: What kind of user support do you anticipate needing for SSO/MFA implementation?
How would you want to receive support for adopting SSO/MFA? (video tutorials, KB documentation, 1on1 calls with client services, etc)
Integration and Maintenance
Integration Challenges
: What challenges do you foresee in integrating SSO/MFA with your existing systems?
Maintenance
: How do you plan to manage and maintain the SSO/MFA system post-implementation?
Feedback and Improvement
Feedback Mechanism
: How would you like to provide feedback during the implementation process?
Success Metrics
: What metrics will you use to measure the success of the SSO implementation?
Are there any other authentication-related concerns or improvements that you feel should be considered?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3489071149/IAM-SSO-MFA+Biller+Interviews