What feedback have you received from your users about the current authentication process on the InvoiceCloud biller portal?
No feedback, no concerns, basic process
How familiar with multi-factor authentication are you?  What do you think of when you hear the term?
Pretty familiar, they already have it in place and understand the different factors in their personal lives and business lives
Portland OR has a policy that Software as a Service should have MFA implemented. They understand that it is an important security measure.
Have you implemented or use MFA on any of your other systems or vendors?  What has been your experience?
They do have it in other aspects of their business (system and other vendors)
Users understand that there’s small inconvenience for bit mitigation
The biller has helped reinforce that message
Do you feel that MFA is something that should be implemented on the biller portal, and if so, why?
They’ve discussed PCI and feel that it should handle MFA given the sensitive nature of the data
Are you familiar with the different types of factors?  (knowledge (know), possession (have), inherence (are), location, behavior)
Yes, they are
Discussed MFA methods, including the use of the Microsoft Authenticator app and avoidance of SMS due to concerns over personal phone use.
Do you have any preferences on which factors should be implemented?
Authenticator app is what they prefer, Microsoft
There are no issued cell phones, could use personal
Ok with users using preferred method (Authenticator app)
Email as a method is fine
Want to avoid using SMS, use other contact center for texts
Would be the preference for the methodology used be universal across users? If IC had multiple choices, would there be a concern with the users choosing from theirs or would that be selected at the biller level?
When MFA reviews those roles and privileges, they would like a checkbox that is universal so that 98% are using this method that way they can have a standard. If 2% are using something else, they can give them that access. Control this via administrator (level) if there are different options available.
Are there any concerns with all relevant staff having access to a possession factor?
There are no issued cell phones, could use personal
Do all users get issues access to biller-specific email addresses?
Yes, and they all have city devices, but they don’t have a city cell phone.
What impact on your daily operations do you see MFA having?
The already use it, and just need to educate the users
How would you want to receive support for adopting MFA? (video tutorials, KB documentation, 1on1 calls with client services, etc)
No specific training, biller would handle most of this
Just some notification that it’s coming. NOthing robust needed as lnog as it follow ssome type of standard / industry practice
Are you using single-sign on to multiple systems?
Yes, when working with directory services. For other internal things, MFA will be looking for that as well that would ease the admin
Are there any other authentication-related concerns or improvements that you feel should be considered?
None that come to mind
Outbound campaigns was stopped because they couldn't control access, wasn’t mature enough
Are there any other questions that you feel we should have asked about building an MFA solution?
They are using SSO Azure directory services, will send the specs
What about the customer side?
There’s an expectation that it’s at least optional, akin to banking websites
Early access biller / join the early rollout team? 
Yes, they would be an early access biller
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3871473686/IAM-SSO-MFA+Interview+-+City+of+Portland