Objective
Date
 
Team
Key outcomes
Vista Hackathon
The 2025 Vista Hackathon will focus on creating generative AI-powered agents. Participants will develop applications that are themselves intelligent agents: autonomous or semiautonomous systems that use generative AI to perceive, reason and act. We encourage teams to focus on customer-facing product innovations, though other applications of agentic AI may also be submitted.
Judging Criteria
Agentic
Spirit
Problem Statement
There are X number of aggregators in the US.. that are used by Y % of the US population (cite examples + news they are doing about agents). Today those payers will be giving their permissions to those aggregators/agents. This poses risks & security issues that is not the right way. Instead, the way of the future is to lead with an agentic architecture. Deploy an MCP server for Agent-Agent interaction. Look at PayPal, etc
Budget retrieval
Opportunity
Call Deflection
 – passing info to another system (history of convo we had, Pendo data, interaction on site, convos with agents, did the pay or not, etc).  “Session data + ledger data”
Maybe use Hi Marley or Utility Agent that was built ontop of Agentforce example where we pass info to them
Example Agents:
Accenture & Cognizant already pitching AI accelerators to insurers, etc
Verticals building their own Agents today
Aggregator (Mint, etc) serving our market today
SI’s / CISs (Accenture & Cognizant already pitching AI accelerators to insurers)
Startups (
Polimorphic
)
Our own customers - Utility/Insurer themselves (e.g., Lemonade, Openly)
Now we’ll have MCP ready for all of them
We become the hub with spokes as CIS or systems like Hi Marley to help call deflection
Most billers will be in a CIS/ERP replacement cycle in next 5 years
Scope
Must have:
MCP Server
MCP Client(s)
Off-the-shelf (Copilot?)
IC Payer Chatbot
Context handling
Session management
Error handling
Feature support
Search Invoices
Schedule Reminder
Nice to have:
Not in scope:
 Milestones and deadlines
Milestone
Owner
Deadline
Status
 Reference materials / data
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4478304257/IC+Payer+MCP+Server