Carrier
Synonymous with “Biller” in InvoiceCloud systems - Insurance providers are “Carriers”.
Agency (Independent Agency) (IA)
Independent Insurance Agency that does business with a Carrier.
Can be associated to one or more Carriers 
Independent Agencies are created independently of a Carrier
Carrier Administrators are able to assign IA’s to the Carrier they belong to - this establishes the IA and its agents as policy providers for the Carrier. 
Contains/Associates Independent Agents.
Independent Agents are associated to a Carrier by way of an Independent Agency.
Carrier Administrator
Administrator of the Carrier’s Agent Billing Accounts
Responsible for 
Creating and managing Captive (In-House) Agent accounts.
Managing Carrier’s customer accounts for agents - both independent and captive.
Can assign customer accounts to agents or transfer them between agents.
Creating and managing payment methods at the Carrier level.
Managing Independent Agencies assigned to Carrier.
Certain Carrier Administrators may need the ability
System Administrator
Administrator of Carrier’s Admin Accounts OR Administrator of IAs Admin Accounts.
Can view audit logs to see what actions Agents & Carrier Administrators performed. 
Agent
Two varieties
Captive
These agents are “in-house” - they work directly for the Carrier.
Agents of this variety are restricted to the agent they are assigned to.
Independent
These agents belong to an Independent Agency and can work across multiple Carriers 
Agents of this variety are assigned to an Agency and can only work within Carriers they have been assigned to. 
Agents can
Create and manage policies for customers
Manage or make payments on behalf of customers
Generate Payment Confirmations or Receipts
Manage Autopay for customers
Manage Customer Details on payments
Role
Carrier
           Agency
Carrier Admin
System Admin
Agent
Description
An Insurance Organization (Carrier) - synonymous with a “Biller”.
Independent Insurance Agency - does business with a Carrier, holds Independent Agents. 
Administrative Account Under a Carrier - Responsible for Managing Captive Agent Accounts, assigning Independent Agents, and potentially performing the role of an Agent when necessary.
Administrative Account - Responsible for managing Carrier - Create/Manage Carrier Admins and System Admins
Agents are responsible for creating policies and making payments on behalf of customers.
Subtypes
N/A
N/A
Agent Manager
Manage (Invite, Link, Activate/Deactivate) Agent Accounts
SuperAdmin
Can Elevate to Agent - i.e. an Agent is unavailable, and someone else needs to complete their work.
N/A 
(Clarify)
???
Independent Agents
1-to-many with Carriers - can only view carriers they are assigned to.
Captive Agents
1-to-1 with a Carrier - these accounts are restricted to their assigned carrier.
Write Actions
N/A
N/A
Create and Manage Captive Agent Accounts.
Invite/Assign Independent Agent Accounts
Transfer Customer Accounts between Agents
Assign/Remove Customer Accounts to/from Agents (Single or Bulk)
Create Agent Account Roles
Manage Payment Methods at Carrier Level'
Create and Manage Carrier Administrator Accounts.
Create and Manage System Administrator Accounts.
Add Payment Method (assigned to Agent only).
Make Payments on behalf of customer
Generate Payment Confirmations & Receipts.
For any account assigned to the agent.
Configure Autopay for Customer
Manage Customer Details for Payments
Read Actions
N/A
N/A
Agent Accounts
Profile Information
Activation Status
Account Associations
Customer Accounts 
(Clarify WHAT)
View Audit Logs
System & Carrier Administrator Accounts
Customer Accounts (assigned to Agent)
Payment methods/information for Carrier (Captive only?), Agent (themselves), or Customer (ReadOnly)
Customer Autopay Status
Payments made on Customer Account - by Customer or Agent (themselves).
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4466638901/Identified+Roles