Picking a Product/Service
A rule of thumb for deciding which product or service to categorize the task under is to ask yourself “
what is the source of the complaint?
”
As a last resort you can categorize it under 
Other
, but these tasks will be scrutinized regularly for misuse and identifying new categories as needed.
Reason and Resolution
To assist with picking the appropriate reason and resolution code consistently, the tables below describe what use cases they are meant for. If you find that none of them fit the current task you’re working on, bring it up for a team discussion. 
Once a decision is made, you are encouraged to update this document for future reference.
When a task comes in, it should be for one of the reasons listed below. Set the reason code and it should remain as that code unless a sub-reason is discovered.
For example: do not change research to system issue if you found a bug. The resolution code should reflect the outcome.
Reason Code
Use Case
Research
No issue found, CS could not do it themselves and answers the question "What happened?"
System Issue
Something is degrading Invoice Cloud’s services. Could be an external issue.
Might result in a Jira bug.
Work (Service Request)
Nothing is broken, but work needs to be done manually to maintain business continuity.
Usually results in a Jira issue, but could also be work Dev Support performs.
If you find that the issue was submitted to Dev Support as a result of any of the reasons below, please update the reason code accordingly. This should be the only time you update the reason code.
Sub-Reason Code
Use Case
Support Training
Client Services had the means to resolve it without Engineering support.
Customer Error
No issue found, the customer took an incorrect action that resulted in an unexpected outcome.
Biller Error
No issue found, the biller took an incorrect action that resulted in an unexpected outcome.
Resolution Code
Use Case
Bug
Requires a code update to fix and does not have a reasonable workaround.
Cannot Reproduce
Not enough information or the state of the platform has changed in a way that we cannot reproduce the issue or identify a root cause. Reporter also cannot reproduce.
Data Update
Required Data Services to update DB records.
Declined
The task was submitted in error or should not have come to Dev Support.
Duplicate
The task is a duplicate of the same issue for the same biller/software partner.
Hardware Failure
Root cause falls under Systems and Security responsibility. (Server, Network, Firewall, DNS, etc.)
No Change
No change was made to our platform by Dev Support or anyone else in IC.
Workaround
A bug was mitigated without a code change.
Case Closed
The case was closed before completion of the task.
Resolved
The issue was resolved without the need for Dev Support to submit a Jira issue.
Submitted
A Jira for work was submitted. (Not a bug)
Codes that have a 
strikethrough
 should no longer be used.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/1985249320/Incident+Resolution+and+Reason+Code