Incident Identification
The incident escalation process varies across different teams.
Any individual who identifies an incident should report the issue through the 
incident escalation process
 as per their team guidelines.
Initial Assessment
The potential incident will be assessed to determine its severity and impact. 
Ops Genie Incident Creation
Once the incident is confirmed, a Incident should be created through Ops Genie. Then after, a zoom call should be started, and slack channel for the incident must be created.
Link to Ops Genie: 
https://invoicecloud.app.opsgenie.com/auth/login?targetUri=%2Falert%2Flist
Centralized Communication
All relevant communication regarding the incident should be centralized through the incident's slack channel. No additional slack channels should exist for internal communications unless approved by the Incident manager or Communications lead. All external communications should be approved by the Communications Lead. External communication includes any communications to non-IC individuals or organizations (eg. Billers, Vendors, Software Providers.)
Communication Plan
Internal Communication: Regular updates should be provided to all relevant internal stakeholders through the approved channels. This includes the status of the incident, steps taken for mitigation, and any required actions from their end.
External Communication: The Communications Lead should maintain communication with Billers, Vendors, and Software Providers as needed.
Incident Resolution
Once the incident is resolved, the Communications lead should communicate this to all relevant parties. This should include an overview of the incident, how it was resolved, and steps taken to prevent similar incidents in the future.
Post-Incident Review
After the incident, conduct a review to identify what went well and areas for improvement. Update the Incident Response and Communication Plan as necessary based on the findings.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3121020938/Incident+Response+Communication+Plan