Step 1: Identify a Feature or Workflow
Analyze Usage
: Identify a feature or workflow that has clear boundaries.
Assess Complexity
: Evaluate the feature complexity to ensure a manageable transition.
Document Dependencies
: List all dependencies, including database interactions, external services, and shared components.
Step 2: Design Microservice APIs
Define Business Logic
: Extract the business logic related to the identified feature.
Create API Contracts
: Design RESTful API endpoints that encapsulate the business logic.
Implement Microservices
: Develop ASP.Net Core microservice APIs to handle the business logic.
Secure APIs
: Implement JWT authentication to secure the APIs.
Step 3: Develop React Components Micro UI
Component Breakdown
: Break down the UI of the identified feature into reusable React components.
API Integration
: Integrate the React components with the microservice APIs to fetch and manipulate data.
Styling
: Apply consistent styling using the Invoice Cloud React Design System components and CSS
Module Federation Setup
:
Configure Webpack
: Set up Webpack Module Federation in your React project. Define the feature as a remote module.
Expose Components
: Expose the necessary React components and utilities from the feature module.
Consume Components
: In the legacy ASPX page or other micro UIs, consume the exposed components using Module Federation.
Step 4: Build and Deploy the React Micro UI
Build Process
: Use docker to run your build process to generate the necessary JavaScript bundles for the React micro UI and serve via a ASP.Net Core API.
Build Command
: Use a build command 
npm run build
 to create production-ready bundles.
ASP.Net Core Hosting:
 Use the Invoice Cloud ASP.Net React Host base image and copy the built script bundles into the www folder
Step 5: Import/Host Micro UI React Components in Legacy ASPX Page
Build React App
: Build the Host React application and generate the necessary JavaScript bundles.
Embed Scripts
: Embed the generated JavaScript bundles in the legacy ASPX page using script tags.
Initialize Components
: Initialize the React components within the ASPX page by targeting specific DOM elements.
Authentication
: Generate the JWT server side and render in either the ASPX markup or a response cookie for use in the React Host application.
Step 6: Displace Legacy Feature or Workflow
Feature Toggle
: Implement feature toggles to switch between the legacy and new implementations during the transition.
Gradual Rollout
: Gradually roll out the new React-based feature to a subset of users to monitor performance and gather feedback.
Monitor and Optimize
: Monitor the performance and user experience of the new feature, and optimize as needed.
Full Transition
: Once the new feature is stable and performs well, fully transition all users to the new implementation and deprecate the legacy code and feature toggle.
Step 7: Iterate and Repeat
Review and Learn
: Review the process and gather insights to improve future iterations.
Next Feature
: Identify the next feature or workflow to break out and repeat the process.
Resources
API-First Development
 
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4066279426/Incrementally+Breaking+Down+an+ASPX+Monolithic+UI