Runbook name
Inline Donations
Description
This SOP describes how to set up Inline Donations, a feature that will allow customers to include a donation when making a payment in the Customer Portal and One-Time Payment Route. 
On this page
2
6
false
default
list
true
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
Summary
Guru link to Inline Donation CRM set up: 
https://app.getguru.com/card/i4EnjKRT/Inline-Donations
Guru link to Inline Donation product demo: 
Inline Donations Overview ▶️ | Guru (getguru.com)
Process
Steps
Description
Role Responsible
1
Sample Welcome Email for adding Inline Donations
Hi Nicole,
 
My name is XXXX and I am the Implementation Specialist assigned to your add on project for adding Inline Donations to your payment route. There are settings that I will need your input for setting up the Inline donation.
What is the donation named? (i.e., Town Assistance Program)
Do you have a description you would like to include about the donation?
Do you have a logo you would like to use for your Inline Donation?
Do you want the customer to round up for their donation? Or would you prefer the customer to be able to enter their own donation amount? We also have the choice to set fixed amounts if that is your preference. Please let me know what best suits your donation needs.
Please review the above questions and provide your input and I can begin setting up the Inline donation for your review.
Add on Team Implementation Manager
2
Set up Inline Donations in the TEST BID for the Biller in the CRM or any other TEST environment
Navigate to the TEST BID for the Biller (or any other TEST environment). You will be adding a Donation Fund Invoice Type (invoice_type_ID 188-197).
Add on Team Implementation Manager
3
Once you have chosen an Invoice Type and set it to active and added the Alias, you will choose the gear icon (Configure) to configure or set up the Inline donation. These are all the settings that drive your inline donation.
Add on Team Implementation Manager
4
The donation fund configurations should be chosen based on the BOF or Biller specifications requested from your welcome email. 
In this example the Biller is only accepting a custom amount field and set donation amounts.
In the payment route the Inline donation for the above set up looks like this:
Of note – until the Payer checks the Park Donation (in this example) box the fields are greyed out and the payer can just disregard the request to donate. If the Park Donation box is selected the Payer, then has the choice to choose Donate $1, Donate $5 or Donate Other Amount.
When the payer continues to the next payment screen the Inline donation is added as part of the transaction and included in the total.
Add on Team Implementation Manager
5
Mapping the Invoice Type to the Terminal in the CRM
After the Inline donation has been set up and you are ready to take it live with your Biller, you will need to go to the Terminals tab and point your Inline donation invoice type to the correct terminal in the CRM. (i.e., Utilities or the other base EBPP) and make sure you add the max caps (i.e., 125,000).
Add on Team Implementation Manager
FAQs
· You can use BID 2876 (Shelly’s TEST BID) or your own TEST BID to try out your donation set up if you like. You can take screenshots to provide to the biller once you have it set up in the payment route so they can see what it looks like if they don’ t happen to have a TEST BID of their own.
 · Inline donations should be started in a test BID first – if you set the invoice type live in the Biller’s production environment, it will show in the payment route immediately. So, we only set up in the production environment right when we are going to go live!
 · If you are getting an error message – this tends to revolve around the Minimum and Maximum amount entries. Make sure you read the “hints” in the CRM settings for Inline donation invoice type.
· You do not need to add start and end dates under the Invoice Type settings for your Inline donation. These start and end dates are only needed if the Biller has a specific period, they want this to show in the payment route. For example, the donation is for a new library, and the library will be built in November, and they don’t want donations made after November 30. You can set an end date for that event.
 · Inline donation Invoice Types will apply to ALL EBPP invoice type payment routes, you cannot restrict it to only one Invoice Type. So, the Biller needs to be aware of that.
 · You can restrict Inline donations from displaying in Cloud Stores from the Virtual Site item for the Cloud Store.
 · Only payers using the established Invoice Types and making payment in the payment route can use Inline donations. Sometimes a Biller wants ANYONE to be able to donate. This would be a Cloud Store donation that needs to be set up and would require an update to the IP sheet.
 · There is nothing really needed from Boarding since this piggybacks on the existing TD, however you will need to inform Boarding on the Salesforce case that you are setting the Inline donation live so that they can QA on their end to make sure all of the max caps look good from their perspective and add any pricing.
 · Note: most Inline donations do not have pricing – so that the donation does not require the payer to pay MORE service/processing fees. However, IC can charge and does charge from time to time for Inline donations, especially political donations so be aware of pricing needs on your BOF. But ultimately Boarding adds pricing and when you let them know you are going live with Inline donations, they know to add any necessary pricing.
 · Political donations special note: A Biller is only allowed ONE Invoice Type for political donations.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4572021854/Inline+Donations+SOP