Page Navigation:
Document status
COMPLETE
Green
Document owner
 
Knowledge Transfer
Gong Recording
Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Insurity
Software Product Name
Workmans Comp Express (WCXP)
Software Cashiering System
n/a
Supported Versions
Version 7.6 or later
Version 7.6: IC embedded SSO screens and configure multiple invoice types (if needed). 
CSRconnect available in 7.8 - release in mid-October 2020.
No upgrade cost for updated release.
Insurity does not charge for the 'license file' needed to integrate with IC.
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
License File required and SOW (from Insurity sales). No additional cost to the client to use the IC integration.
IC should setup a separate test portal for all Insurity billers to keep post go-live.
Vertical
Insurance
Sample Biller Implementation
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal - 1707
Partner Hosted Test Portal - Insurity doesn’t have a dedicated test environment that’s accessible by IC but is connected to 1707.
Rules of Engagement
Contact David VerCammen - 
david.vercammen@insurity.com
 at Insurity to get the Insurity point of contact for the client project.
Timeline
30-60 days
Configuration
Invoice Types
*Multiple invoice types can be configured for Insurity WCXP billers: 164,165, etc.
Invoice Type ID 164 will be for premiums.
Invoice Type ID 165 has been defaulted for Audit Statements by Insurity. 
NOTES: 
Biller can use a different invoice type if 165 is already in use, but Insurity/biller will need to make sure to update Audit Statements to the new Invoice Type ID in the CIS. 
Biller will need to determine if they want AutoPay active on this invoice type or not.
If the biller has more than one line of business, they may need more than one audit statement invoice type (depends on how they deposit the money).
Biller will need to setup all invoice types in Insurity.
If an additional Invoice Type ID is needed, 166, etc., can be used.
*All invoice types are in one BIF.
Virtual Site
Biller may use virtual site - search options would be their choice, based on what’s in the BIF.
The biller will have some payers/businesses that have a recurring payment setup (monthly invoices) and some payers/businesses that have an on-demand setup (invoices created on-demand). Talk to the biller about what they offer (they likely offer both) and explain that for the payers/businesses that have an on-demand setup, they will not be able to use the virtual site to make payments (because invoices have not yet been created - that must be done through the Insurity Customer Portal). It’s up to the biller if they want to publish the virtual site URL - it’s important that they know what the experience will be like.
Required Options
ID
Option Description
Details
74
ENABLE Multiple Customer Login Functionality
If enabled, the Biller will be able to use the Multiple Customer Login functionality in the Biller Portal as well as the Customer Portal. The Pay By Text and Autopay option will also be hidden through the payment route for non-authenticated sessions, and the use of saved method payments through the IVR will be disabled.
Enable - required for integration
78
Customer Portal - Allow Co-owners
If enabled, we will allow a set number of co-owners to be added to an account.
Enable - required for integration
79
Customer Portal - Maximum Number of Co-owners per Account
If co-owners are allowed, this sets the number of co-owners that can be added to an account.
Set the value to 15
108
Disable Email Address Update from BIF
If enabled, invoice file (BIF) imports will not update the customer email address. However, new emails for customers without an email address will still be inserted.
Enable – if required for integration
112
Prevent Update of Empty Account Owner Login Email After Payment
Note: 
Enable this when using Allow CC Email Updates, Prevent Email Update, and Allow Unregistered Updates. 
Enable - required if Option 131 is enabled
131
Update Email Address After Payment
By default, we would allow the owner’s email addresses to be updated in the payment route if the owner’s email address is empty (
Allow email updates
). 
Allow CC email updates:
 Update the CC email address when a different email is entered during the payment route. (Never update the main email address).
Prevent email updates:
 Prevent owner and CC email addresses from being overridden.
Allow unregistered updates:
 will update every time the customer is not registered.
The default value for this Option is: 
"Allow email updates"
Select appropriate action
134
Send email(s) to the payer's email address only. For the Virtual Site only.
When this option is enabled, emails will only be sent to the payer's email address (email entered in the payment route).
Enable – if required for integration
Coding Requirements
Partner Coding Requirements
What (IC Value)
What (Partner Value)
Provided To
When
BID 
INVCLCODE - Invoice Cloud Biller Code
Biller
After license file installation 
Invoice Format GUID 
INVCLFGUID - Invoice Cloud Format GUID 
Biller
After license file installation 
Biller Web service Key
INVCLWGID - Invoice Cloud Web service Key
Biller
After license file installation 
Biller GUID 
INVCLBGUID - Invoice Cloud Biller GUID
Biller
After license file installation 
Application API Key
INVCLAPIK - InvoiceCloud API Key
Biller
After license file installation 
Invoice Type ID 
INVCLTYPD - Invoice Cloud Invoice Type ID for the company
Biller
After license file installation 
FTP Credentials 
INVCLFTPP - InvoiceCloud FTP Pass 
INVCLFTPU - InvoiceCloud FTP User
Biller
After license file installation 
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
What
Provided By
ETA
Details
Invoice Data
Biller
Once the billers Insurity environment is all configured, the next time billing statements are run the file will generate and be sent to InvoiceCloud.
Bill Images
Biller
Once the billers Insurity environment is all configured, the next time billing statements are run the bill images will be available for InvoiceCloud.
The PDF extraction request can be submitted with the implementation coding request. A separate track is not needed.
Web Service Domain (test and prod)
Biller
Once the billers Insurity environment is all configured, the biller can provide the domain for the web service URLs.
Whitelisting IP Addresses
Invoice Cloud
Project Assignment 
Depends if biller is on Premise or Cloud. If on Premise, they will need to handle all configs and whitelist our IP addresses.
Contacts
1500
300
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/385187887/Insurity+WCXP+Implementation+Details