Problem Alignment
The Problem
Insurance Agents and billers with insurance agents using our product face issues on a regular basis. 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
Since September 2019 we have gotten 53 tickets related to Safety Insurance. Of these, 16 were classified as “disruptors” while only 2 were “go live blockers,” suggesting large issues for Safety after their go-live. We have also seen more insurance-related requests over the past 6 months. Most of these problems have been related to agent difficulties. Insurance companies get much of their premium from independent agents who will choose to write policies for other carriers if the experience is better and faster (meaning they can write more policies). If agents have problems, the insurance carriers have problems. 
Audience: Who are we building for?
We are building this for our insurance agent end-users as well as billers. This is expected to be for insurance-focused billers. There is a distinction between independent and captive agents and we are interested in helping both parties, though most of the difficulties seem to apply disproportionately to independent agents. 
High-level Approach
One approach would be to create enhancements for agents to see all policies for a policyholder at once, as well as available actions they might have such as signing accounts up for autopay. This would be the easier approach and would provide the agent a better way to serve multiple policies. 
Another approach would be to create a view for agents that shows all policies they have active for a carrier and be able to make payments or update IC settings for insureds (a version of the biller portal for them). Currently, agents can only see one policy at a time and they have to continually jump back and forth between the insurance login and IC. 
 
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we have succeeded if we are able to reduce the number of custom development tickets, go-live blockers, disruptors, and custom solutions for the insurance carriers after their go-live date. 
Solution Alignment
Key Features
Agents can pay policies for their insureds
Agents can pay at the time of binding
Agents can set up autopay for insureds
Carriers can differentiate between agents vs payer payments
Carriers can track agent actions
Key Flows  
 
Launch Readiness
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Exit Criteria
Status
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
 N
 
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Y 
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Y 
 
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Y 
 
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Y 
 
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Y 
 
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
N 
 
Support
Biller questions and support
Y 
 
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Y 
 
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
N 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/905642169/Insurance+Agent+Enhancements+One+Pager