General Responsibilities
Integration Standup
The Integration team standup (AKA “Mayo Sauce”) occurs daily at 09:30 AM CST. Reach out to Marcus Steen if you need to be added to this list. 
SRE Release Review
Mondays & Wednesdays: 
navigate to the 
#releases-prod-engineering
 channel on Slack and click the link for the Tuesday/Thursday release. Complete the 
SRE Release Review
 checklist and make sure to post a comment. 
Note: Items may be added or removed throughout the day, so check back periodically. 
Note: Even if the item has been reviewed for a past release, if the item is on this excel sheet, then it must be re-reviewed. 
Bug Court
Thursdays:
 Integrations team attends bug court weekly on Thursdays. Be sure to attend if you have created a bug item for this team.
Follow the 
Confluence page for submitting bug items for the ITG board
 (Integration’s triage Jira project). We do not directly create items on the INT Jira project. 
General Information
Integration vs Solutions Architecture 
When code change are required for a fix or functionality update it is important to understand the distinction between creating an item for the Integration team or the Solutions Architecture team. 
Generally if the required change is new functionality for an integration and will require an update to an integration’s confluence page (e.g. new DataPump request parameters, new DataPump payment codes, or new adding block statuses to RTDR), then the item should be made for the Solutions Architecture team. 
If the required change is the fault of a logical error, missing validation, or any other 
technical 
issue - then an item for the Integration team should be made. 
Integration vs Bill Presentment
Integration is split into two teams: core and bill presentment. 
Core handles writing code for biller/software partner integrations for DataPump, RTDR, File Processing (import and export). 
Bill presentment writes code for HTML Templates, Remote Links, and PDF linking.
Troubleshooting Common Issues
Please see the triage guides for:
DataPump
RTDR
Invoice File Processing
Adjustment File Processing (missing)
Misc. File Processing (missing)
Payment Exports (missing)
Biller File Split
ICTemplates
PDF Linking
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3615490228/Integration+Core+Embedded+SRE