Acronyms
Invoice Cloud Acronyms Worksheet
ACH
Automated Clearing House - governed by NACHA
ABA
American Bankers Association - Bank routing number
API
Application Programming Interface
AUS
Advanced Utility Systems- Software Partner
BAF
Biller Adjustment File
BID
Biller ID Number. This is assigned by the CRM for all new Billers.
BIF
Biller Invoice File
BIN
Bank Indentification Number. Typically the first 6 digits of a credit card number which identifies the card issuer.
BOF
Biller Order Form. Initial sales document for a new biller.
BU
Business Unit
CC
Credit Card
CPanel
A graphical interface (GUI) and automation tool designed to simplify the process of hosting a web site .
CRM
Customer Relationship Manager Portal. This IC system contains configurations on how each biller is set up. Housed on Microsoft Azure Data Center.
CSM
Customer Success Manager
CSR
Customer Service Representative
CVV
Card verfication value
DBA
Doing Business As
DDA
Demand Deposit Account - Bank account number
EBPP
Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment
EFT
Electronic Funds Transfer. A method used for billers to send invoices to InvoiceCloud.
EMV
Europay, MasterCard, and Visa, is a global standard for authenticating credit and debit card transactions that involves chip-compatible cards and point-of-sale (POS) terminals.
EOM
End of the Month
ES
EngageSmart
FTI
Fund Transfer instructions
FTP
File Transfer Protocol
GUB
Government, Utilities, and Businesses
GUID
A globally unique identifier
IC
InvoiceCloud
IM
Implementation Manager
ISP
Internet Service Provider
IVR
Interactive Voice Response
MCC
Merchant Category Code
MCL
Multiple Customer Login
MCRPPS
MasterCard Remote Payment and Presentment Service - OBD vendor
MICR
Magnetic Ink Charaster Recognition Number
MRR
Monthly Recurring Revenue. This is the monthly fee income we make from a biller.
NACHA
National Automated Clearing House Association
NDF
Next Day Funding
NPS
Net Promoter Score- A metric used in customer experience programs.
OBD
Online Bank Direct
PCI
Payment Card Industry
PII
Personally Identifiable Information
POS
Point of Sale. Client will accept in person payments
PTO
Paid Time Off
FTO
Flexible Time Off
QDS
Quality Data Services- Software Partner
RAID
Rist, Assumptions, Issues, and Dependencies
REST
Representational state transfer API
RFI
Request for Information
RTDR
Real Time Data Refresh
S&S
Software & Solutions - software partner
Saas
Software as a Service
SDR
Sales Development Representative
SFTP
Secure File Transfer Protocol
SPF
Stop Payment Files
SRED
Secure Reading and Exchange of Data
SSL
Secure Socket Layer - safeguards sensitive data being sent between to systems.
SSO
Single Sign On-: Allows a user to log in with a single ID to other independent, software systems.
TD
Transaction Division
TLS
Transport Layer Security - standard protocal that provides authentication
UX
User Experience. refers to any interaction a user has with a product or service.
VAR
Value Added Reseller - a thrid party that certifies their software to be used on a processors system
Terms
ACH
Automated Cleaning House. A system used for electronic banking transactions. Refers to payments made via bank account (checking or savings).
Add On
Any change to a biller’s account such as adding Cloud Store or OBD. A maintenance form must be completed.
Adoption
Adoption refers to ‘e-adoption’ or electronic billing and payment adoption. For an EBPP solution to drive results for an organization (biller), customers (payers) have to use the platform to pay (and/or receive) their bills.
API
Application Programming Interface is a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications. The API specifies how software components should interact and APIs are used when programming graphical user interface (GUI) components.
Account Linking
Linking multiple accounts or multiple invoice types together under a common email address and password. Linking accounts allows the payer to manage all linked accounts under a single customer portal with a single username and password.
Agent Connect
This product allows a third-party partner application (typically their CIS Customer Service Agent application) to develop a connection to Invoice Cloud and be redirected to areas within the Customer Portal or One Time Payment Routes which provides a superior user experience. It may reduce the need for the CSR to also be logged into the Biller Portal. A number of fields are passed which allows Invoice Cloud to dynamically create or update a customer as well as the customer's current invoice details and balance. The development work is completed by the third party partner.
Assessment Fee
An assessment fee is a fee charged by individual payment brands (Visa, MasterCard, etc.) that covers the operating costs of managing their network.
AutoPay
When payments are automatically charged to the customer’s/payer’s payment method on the date designated by the biller (typically the invoice due date) and for the current invoice amount.
Azure
Microsoft hosting data center – IC servers are located at Microsoft Azure.
Batch
A batch is a total of all transactions processed, since the biller’s system “batched” the previous time. These are transactions waiting to be settled all at one time, usually at the end of the day. The biller will have a designated batch close time or window of time. There is usually one batch for credit cards, and a second batch for EFT (checks).
BIF
Biller Invoice File that is uploaded by the biller and used by Invoice Cloud to present invoices for payments (.bif format).
Biller Portal
Software used by the biller to manage the Invoice Cloud payments for their payers/customers. Key features available in the biller portal include: Customer Profile, Payments Search, Reconciliation Reports, ACH rejects, change log reporting, management reporting, transaction history, portal configurations, and email template management.
Biller Portal Shopping Cart
An option feature in the biller portal allowing billers to process multiple invoices/payments in one transaction.
Billers
Governments, cities, towns, utility, insurance companies and other entities that send out bills for services provided to their customers.
Braintree
Payment processor used for PayPal Transactions. The goal is to eventually migrate billers to this processor.
Chargeback
A dispute by a cardholder or credit card issuer for a biller/merchant to make good the loss on a fraudulent or disputed transaction.
Chase Paymentech
Primary payment processor
Check Free Pay
Check Free Pay is part of the Invoice Cloud product offering. This service allows payers to make a payment via cash at retail locations such as: Walmart, Kroger, CVS, 7-11, and Family Dollar. We are no longer working with Pay Near Me or PayGo. Check Free Pay is the current offering from FISERV. This is only available to billers who use OBD.
Cloud Pay
Payment method used to allow billers and other third-party integrators to pass information to the Invoice Cloud platform for payment processing. This payment type is used when the invoice, customer, and other data do NOT already reside on the Invoice Cloud platform. Cloud Pay is also used when a payment is being computed in real-time by the biller or third-party integrator and is then handed off to Invoice Cloud for payment processing. There are two versions: v1 and v2. 
https://invoicecloud.box.com/s/pv869a35t5s97vfumn4kla3hvk90m1x9
 
Cloud Store
Payments for goods and/or services that do not have an invoice associated with them. Examples include marriage licenses, birth certificates, and school fees, to name a few.
Conveyance
The legal practice of transferring property from one owner to another. The Conveyance process allows a biller to deactivate an Account Holder in the case that they may move out of their apartment or home, and the biller re-uses their Account Number without the New Account Holder having access to the old Account Holder's payments and information. There are 2 parts to this Conveyance process. First, we append an identifier to the Account Number signifying that the Account Number has gone through the Conveyance process. The identifier appended is in the form of CV-MMDDYY.The last part of the Conveyance process involves deactivating the old Account Holder and blocking the old Account Holder from making payments on the Account through our system. If the customer has an email address in our system, IC will send them an email with notification that their account has been conveyed.
Credit Debit Card Payments
Payments made via credit or debit card.
Credit
Adding an amount of money to a customer or payer’s account
CRM
Customer Relationship Management.
Customer Portal
When a customer registers an account/invoice, a customer portal is created that allows the customer to view bills, payment history, recurring scheduled payments, scheduled payments, and customer requests. Customers can also manage contact information and payment methods, as well as submit requests for assistance.
Data Pump
The data pump is a server-based bulk data movement infrastructure that enables high-speed movement of data from one database to another.
Debit
When a bank or other financial institution removes an amount of money from a customer’s account as payment for goods and/or services.
EBPP
Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment
EFT/ACH Reject
Payments rejected by ACH. Transactions that trigger a “reject notice” have not been processed by the customer’s bank and payment was not collected from or credited to the customer’s account. Depending on the reason (reject code) for the reject, some transactions may be corrected and resubmitted.
EFT
Electronic Funds Transfer is a system used for electronic banking transactions. Refers to payments made via bank account (checking or savings).
EMV
EMV chip technology is becoming the global standard for credit card and debit card payments. Named after its original developers (Europay, MasterCard®, and Visa®), this technology features payment instruments (cards, mobile phones, etc.) with embedded microprocessor chips that store and protect cardholder data. Thisstandard has many names worldwide and may also be referred to as: "chip and PIN" or "chip and signature." 
https://app.getguru.com/card/pc5dr5Gc/EMV-General-Information
Encryption
The process of translating data into secret code (encoding) to ensure secure transmission. An effective way to help ensure data security, it is also referred to as end-to-end encryption.
https://app.getguru.com/card/ycnoz59c/Encryption
Flex Pay
Customers have the ability to make installment payments on bills using a simple self-service selection called Flex Pay. The customer elects how many payments he or she wants to schedule (up to 12), over what period of time and using what method of payment. Once the flex pay schedule is made, the customer receives confirmation of the flex pay schedule and receives individual email reminders three days prior to each the payment being processed. This reduces the number of payment rejects that might be made without these reminders.
Fiserv
One of the Online Bank Direct partners that sends payers’ bank bill payments electronically to IC and we match to invoices using OBD product. Also called Check Free. See MasterCard RPPS.
FTP
File Transfer Protocol is a standard network protocol used to transfer computer files between a client and server on a computer network. FTP is one of the three ways the biller’s software and systems communicate with Invoice Cloud to send and receive data.
GUID
Globally Unique Identifier
Implementation
The process of putting a plan or system into effect. Implementation at Invoice Cloud involves working with billers to ensure their billing software works seamlessly with the Invoice Cloud platform. New billers work with an Implementation Manager until the biller goes live.
Interchange Fee
Interchange Fees are transaction fees that occur when a card payment is made. Interchange fees are determined by the payment brands. The rate varies depending on type of card (debit, credit, or rewards card), type of transaction (the card is present, a phone order, an online order), and your average transaction volume. The fee charged is also tied to the level of risk for that transaction, the lower the risk, the lower the rate. For example, a transaction conducted with a card that is present is a lower risk and fee than a card-not-present transaction. The fees are paid to the card-issuing bank to cover handling costs, fraud, bad debt costs, and the risk involved in approving the payment.
In the Know
Monthly sessions provided by the training team to keep the entire InvoiceCloud team aware of changes to our product. Each ITK session comes with a quiz and can be viewed in MindTickle or Gong.
IVR
Interactive Voice Response that allows a computer to interact with humans through the use of voice and DTMF (touchtone dialing) tones input via keypad.
Kiosk
The self-serve free-standing machine where invoices can be paid.
Linked Accounts/Account Linking
Multiple accounts and/or invoice types are registered under a common email address and password. Linking accounts allows the payer to manage all related accounts under a single customer portal.
https://invoicecloud.elearningserver.com/1769614041
 
MasterCard RPPS
One of the Online Bank Direct partners that sends payers’ bank bill payments electronically to IC and we match to invoices using OBD product. See Fiserv.
Merchant
Another term used by the payment processor for a biller
Non-submitter
A category of billers whose customers are not charged a service fee for making payments via Invoice Cloud. Non-submitter billers absorb the fee and pay Invoice Cloud a transaction fee.
Online Bank Direct
OBD-An Invoice Cloud product that eliminates paper checks issued by online banking sites and reduces the manual process of comparing names and payment amounts to outstanding invoices, saving biller’s time and effort.
https://app.getguru.com/card/jiKX7Agi/OBD-DepositFunding-Flow-Chart
Open Batch
Transactions waiting to be settled daily at the designated batch close window/time.
Pay by Text
An optional function that allows customers to receive text messages regarding new bills and provides the capability to pay the bills via the text message on their mobile device.
Paya
Formally Sage, payment processor, in the past used for non-submitters
Payers
A person, organization, etc. that pays or is responsible for paying for goods or services provided by a merchant(biller). Might be called a customer by the biller or merchant.
Payment Processor
Payment processors enable merchants to receive ACH or card payments online by providing a connection to the payment network. Our current preferred processor is Chase Paymentech but we also have billers on Paya and are implementing Braintree.
PCI Compliance
Payment Card Industry Compliance-This is a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment for this data.
PII
Personally Identifiable Information- Enhancements have been made to the Invoice Cloud platform to adhere to government rules and guidelines based on location. Three settings were implemented that will control these enhancements by Biller.
View Invoice Tier
 - Our platform has an option to view the invoice (html template / pdf) where applicable. This setting offers 3 options to fine tune the experience for the Biller / Customer.
Show Everywhere
 - This is the default functionality for all. We will show the View Invoice option in all the usual places
Hide Everywhere 
- We will no longer show the View Invoice option anywhere in our system, including Biller Portals.
Show in Customer / Biller Portal Only 
- We will display the View Invoice option within the Customer and Biller Portals only, which are areas that are only accessible via authentication. We will hide the View Invoice option in the rest of the areas, which are the areas that don't require authentication to view (Virtual Site, etc).
POS Connect
CloudPOSConnect is a native Windows application that runs on the Biller's Cashiering agent's computer (card present). This application gives Billers the ability to process transactions while keeping their software package out of PCI scope. This will also be part of Invoice Cloud's EMV solution. POSConnect is a PA-DSS certified point of sale connector.
RAID
Risk, Assumptions, Issues and Dependencies
Real-Time Data Refresh
RTDR - Data (payments) that refreshes in real-time. Updated balances are retrieved from the biller’s software when RTDR calls are made.
https://app.getguru.com/card/5cjaK4qc/Real-Time-Data-Refresh-RTDR
Reconciliation
Reconciliation is an accounting process that compares two sets of records to check that figures are correct and in agreement. Account reconciliation is particularly useful for explaining the difference between two financial records or account balances. Some differences may be acceptable because of the timing of payments and deposits.
Recurring Scheduled Payments
Recurring Scheduled Payments is a new Customer Portal feature that allows a payer to set up a recurring scheduled payment once, and our system will take over the remaining payments. The recurring scheduled payment can be scheduled for a specific day of the month, or when the Invoice is due. The payer can choose a specific payment amount, or have our system automatically pay the balance due on the day the transaction should occur. The recurring scheduled payment is tracked in Invoice Cloud. On a daily basis, our system will re-evaluate the configurations and adjust the balances or dates as needed.
https://app.getguru.com/card/io4x8reT/Recurring-Scheduled-Payments
Reject Code
A code that specifies why a transaction was rejected by the financial institution where the customer opened their account.
Remind Me
A reminder feature that will enable users to add a calendar event to their personal calendars from within the Customer Portal. Various calendar types are supported (Outlook, Gmail, Yahoo, etc).
Run Book
In computer systems and networks a run book is a set of defined procedures developed by the administrator or IT professional for maintaining the everyday routine, as well as the exceptional operations of the computer system or network. The run book should contain all the information staff would need to perform daily operations such as information on dealing with any problems that arise during usage from the operating system or network.
https://app.getguru.com/card/Xi6j7ygi/Stratus-View-Run-History
SaaS
Software as a Service (SaaS) is a licensing and delivery model that offers customers all the benefits of an application without requiring continuous software upkeep by in-house staff or a third party. SaaS applications deliver the latest and greatest features through the Internet to a computer or mobile device. 
https://invoicecloud.app.box.com/file/641021003711
 
https://invoicecloud.app.box.com/file/630836560504
 
Sage
See Paya
Settled Batch
After the batch closes for the day, the batch settles. Transactions from the closed batch can be located in the Settled Batch History Report on the Biller Portal.
SSO Connect
(Single Sign On-Embedded)- SSOConnect is Invoice Cloud's implementation of what is known in the industry as "Single Sign On". This feature allows Partners to create a seamless experience between a Partner's system and the Invoice Cloud (IC) system. Partners will have the option to access the IC Customer Portal and customize the style/look of pre-defined areas or use the IC REST API to display the same data within their own system.
Stratus
A comprehensive utility application from Invoice Cloud designed to help move and synchronize data between a biller’s system (software) and the Invoice Cloud platform. Stratus helps bridge the gap between software applications that are unable to do a complete integration with the Invoice Cloud platform but have the ability to import and export data. Stratus is one of the three ways the biller’s software and systems communicate with Invoice Cloud to send and receive data.
https://app.getguru.com/card/LTgjeoyT/Stratus-About-Stratus
Submitters
Billers whose customers pay a service fee for making payments via Invoice Cloud. These billers are “submitting” the service fee to their payers.
Virtual Site
The biller’s unique site on Invoice Cloud, which is where customers are taken after clicking “pay now” or “pay my bill” on the business website.
Web Services
A method of communication that enables real-time communication between the biller and Invoice Cloud and vice versa. Web services is one of the three ways the biller’s software and systems communicate with Invoice Cloud to send and receive data.
https://invoicecloud.box.com/s/415c3f03vtyfodssidsz95pqwxnojgw5
 
700 Series Rejects
A national negative file maintained by Chase Paymentech. These rejects have not been funded. Rejected transactions are identified with a 700 code. The biller can request a single-payer or all payers be exempt from the national negative file process.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2663481373/InvoiceCloud+Acronyms+and+Terms+Glossary