Playbook
IVR Implementation Set Up
Contents
2
Summary 
IVR (Interactive Voice Response) allows Payers to interact with IC through the use of voice and DTMF (tones input with a keypad). IVR is available for EBPP and Cloud Stores (Blind IVR) through IVR Technology Group. IC also partners with 3rd party IVR vendors, like Selectron.
note
Process


Process


Steps
Description
Documentation
1
IVR- Configuration Smartsheet 
IVR Configuration worksheet in Smartsheet is designed to facilitate collecting the required information to establish an IVR payment line for a Biller. The majority of our Billers utilize IVR Technology Group for their IVR line, however there are some 3rd party IVR users. This worksheet is designed specifically to collect the information from the Biller you will need for the IVR Tech Boarding Form as well as CRM settings. 
 
2
IVR Implementation Guide & FAQs
This IVR Implementation Guide will walk you through the process of completing the IVR Tech Boarding Form as well as setting up the CRM for Billers using IVR.
This is a link to the blank IVR Boarding Form: 
InvoiceCloud_Boarding Form_Blank.pdf
 Do not make changes to this blank form.  Download it for your use.
3
Cloud IVR Connect Call Flow
The Cloud IVR Connect Call Flow documentation provides specific functionality. The flow cannot be altered from existing flow (i.e., the choice for English/Spanish cannot be moved later in the call). Any prompts that are customizable are highlighted in light yellow on the Call Flow, no other text can be altered. There are also sub-flow processes (i.e., Blind IVR) established on this Call Flow.
The IVR Call Flow 
Invoice Cloud_Cloud IVR Connect_v3.3_MASTER_11112021 (1).pdf | Powered by Box
4
IVR Troubleshooting for Declined Payments
If you are able to retrieve an Invoice during IVR testing, but unable to successfully complete an IVR payment, this troubleshooting guide will help to determine where the CRM set up may be failing.
5
IVR Call Prompts for 3rd (or more) Language(s)
If the Biller is recording their own prompts for a 3rd (or more) language(s), i.e., Russian, the Biller must provide recording files in the following format: 8kHz 16bit mono PCM.wav files.  The prompts that need to be recorded are provided in documentation ->
Alternatively, IVR Tech will provide a quote if the Biller is requesting IVR Tech to provide the alternative language prompt translations.  
6
Blind IVR for Cloud Stores
Blind IVR option is used with Cloud Stores. See PowerPoint for more information. 
Blind IVR for Cloud Stores.pptx
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3160178695/IVR+Playbook