Overview
This guide will cover the 
K9s CLI Application
 at a high level. The linked documentation covers the tool in great detail, so this guide will focus only on relevant parts to assist with troubleshooting scenarios.
Another tool to be aware of is 
Kubernetes Lens
. This has moved to a licensed model in recent years and, while still a fantastic tool, is less accessible as a result. K9s provides most of the functionality of Lens but lacks the features and familiarity of a desktop application.
Prerequisites
Run through the first couple sections of 
the kubectl CLI guide
 to ensure your local 
.kubeconfig
 has credentials for connecting to an AKS cluster.
Ensure that you are familiar with 
Kubernetes Basics
Install the 
K9s
 tool using one of the recommended approaches.
K9s does have some Vim-like commands and, while it’s not necessary to know anything about using Vim, it may help as an exercise to familiarize yourself with basic Vim usage.
Learn VIM while playing a game - VIM Adventures
Working with K9s
Running K9s
K9s can be accessed easily once it has been installed & properly added to 
PATH
. Simply invoke it from a regular command line. Note, there are 
additional arguments that you can provide the CLI.
bash
wide
760
$> k9s
You should be greeted with a full list of namespaces and details of each, defaulting to the context you currently have set with 
kubectl
.
At the top - you will notice 3 sections, the first contains information about your current 
kubectl
 context, cluster, cluster user, versions for both K9s and K8s, and aggregated CPU + Memory utilization for the given cluster.
K9s Cluster Information Section
The next section are shortcuts to different namespaces in the cluster - typically, these will be 
all
, the last active namespace, and 
default
 - you can press one of the keys indicated next to the namespace to navigate between options. 
K9s namespaces
The last section of the header displays a number of commands that may be executed - more on some of these later.
Executing IDE Commands
Like Vim, K9s uses the 
:
 key (
Shift + ;
) to open a command buffer. This is a detail that you will want to internalize early. 
Once you have opened a command buffer, you can press the 
Esc
 key to close it again. Pressing 
Esc
 again will exist K9s and return you back to the regular command line.
Executing commands in k9s is quite easy and will feel very familiar with those who have used Vim in the past.
Simply press the 
:
 key and you will be presented with a command buffer
k9s command buffer
Once the buffer is open, you can simply type the command you wish to execute with any specified arguments and press 
Enter
. A non-exhaustive list of commands can be viewed 
in the k9s documentation.
 Do note that there is some optional auto-completion, text that is a different shade of blue appearing at the end of the line as you are typing can be completed by press the 
->
 arrow key. Pressing the 
backspace
 key should remove the autocomplete suggestion.
Quitting k9s
Like Vim, k9s uses 
:q
 as its termination command - more specifically 
:q!
. If you need to exit the tool at any point, you can use this command to do so. Note that 
q!
 will quit immediately without saving any in-progress work.
Switching Contexts
You can change your current context by using 
:ctx
 - that is, press 
:
 and then use the 
ctx <my-context>
 in the command buffer to switch.
Using 
ctx
 to change contexts
Context changed
 This will allow you to easily switch between different clusters - either remote or local via 
minikube
 - and manage resources in each.
Switching Namespaces
The top-level, default view for k9s is set at the namespace level & will display all resources contained within a particular k8s namespace (or everything in the cluster, when ‘all’ is selected). There is a legend in the navigation bar of the application which indicates several shortcuts to navigate between namespaces - pressing the key indicated by the 
<#>
 to the left of the namespace value will filter the display to resources contained within.
In addition to this, and similar to the 
ctx
 command, k9s provides the 
ns
 command to change between namespaces once you have a context selected. You can follow the same process as before and use 
:
 to open the command buffer & use the Ex-command 
ns
 - you can then type a namespace value to select it. 
ns command example in buffer
Filtered view based on namespace selection
Navigating & Drilling Into Resources
With some familiarity of the command buffer and navigation, we can open things up more.
k9s supports commands for most (if not all) Kubernetes resource types using the same verbiage that 
kubectl
 uses.
Navigating between groups of different resources can be done by utilizing the command buffer & entering the resource type:
deployment
 - shows all deployments in selected namespace
pod
 - shows all pods in selected namespace
service
 - shows all services in selected namespace
ingress
 - shows all ingress controllers in the selected namespace
crd
 - shows all Custom Resource Definitions (cluster level - but shows 
Namespaced
 + 
Cluster
  scoped CRDs). 
Note - this one may be restricted by permissions.
From any of the given menus above - you may navigate between items using either the arrow keys or Vim directional keys (
j
 and 
k
) and drill into items using the 
Enter
 key. Pressing 
Escape
 will take you up one level, to the previous depth.
Top-level screen showing 
deployments
 in ALL namespaces
Drilling down into the deployment shows 
pods
 for the selected 
app
.
Pressing the 
d
 key with the pod highlighted executes 
kubectl describe pod <pod>
 and prints the formatted output for easy visibility.
Each resource can be navigated through in this manner, providing a clean, easy-to-read visual interface over the 
kubectl
 CLI.
 URL:/spaces/PMK/pages/4330160339/K9s+-+CLI-Based+Kubernetes+IDE