Background
We are introducing a new look/feel to our payer portal tables. We would like to gather feedback on the new tables to ensure we are improving user experience without taking away from any functionality/usability. 
Business Problem
The tables within our payer portal have a lot of information making it hard to identify key actions easily. This directly impacts user adoption, making it difficult for users to proceed paying an invoice.
User Problem
It is difficult for users to read all the information in invoice tables/identify how to take desired actions.
Goals
Identify the most intuitive design solution by conducting unmoderated research to test the proposed design solution.
Research Questions
Do users understand how to find actions within a kebab menu?
In the payer portal: Does the user understand how to use the kebab menu?
Does the user understand how to schedule a payment reminder?
Does the user understand how to view the payment history for a closed invoice?
Hypothesis
We believe that the current payer portal tables are difficult to read/navigate.
So if we update the table UI with a kebab menu that consolidates actions,
Then we will see an improvement in user experience without any loss of discoverability of actions.
Methodology
Unmoderated online study
760
An email invitation to participate in an online study will go out to 3,000 payer research panel users. This test will be conducted on mobile devices. When participants click the study link, they will be taken to the study environment and will read instructions and answer an opening questionnaire. Participants’ actions and responses to task-related questions will be recorded and analyzed. The study will require a 5-minute effort, and we expect about 10 people to complete it.
Success Metric: 
An average of above 4 out of 5 on the ease of use scale 
95% task completion rate (under 2 attempts)
Participants
Participants Types:
Internal folks
Product Channel
Cat, Anita, Pete, Pilash or Anoop or Nitish 
Choose someone from: 
Operations person
Adoption team
Executive Team
Design Team
Select billers
Payers who have a good track record with great question
Friends and family
General payers
Targeted Themes
Usability 
CSTAT
Schedule
Stage
Date
Status
Finish Setting Up Test
Sept. 2-3
in progress
Yellow
 
Internal Sessions
Sept. 4-5
NOT STARTED
Red
Internal Results Revisions
Sept. 8
NOT STARTED
Red
Payer Sessions
Sept. 9-12
NOT STARTED
Red
Outline Result Takeaways
Sept. 12
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Slide Deck
Oct. 6-10
NOT STARTED
Red
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Set the stage and outline tasks
During this session, you will be given a couple of tasks to finish. Guidelines:
You will need to share your screen and click through a prototype (this is an in-progress design, so not everything will be fully functional. It's something that we are actively working on. In the case where you encounter something that doesn't work, you can tell us what you expected to happen.)
During the activities, talk me through your actions and your thought processes out loud. This is really important because I can't read your mind and I want to know what you like/don't like or understand.
You won’t need to enter any payment information, it will all be pre-populated, so you will not have to enter any of your information.
Does the user understand how to make a payment to an invoice? 
Let’s start with paying just one bill.
For this test, assume your name is 'Taylor Smith.' Say out loud how you would pay your bill. 
When you see the page that says your payment went through, you’re all done with this task and can click 'End Task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to view an invoice? 
Now let's look at a bill.
Say out loud where you would click to look at the details of your bill. 
When you can see the bill, you're done with this task and can select 'End task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to find a paid invoice?
Find out how much you paid for last month’s bill.
Say out loud where you would click to find your past payments. 
Once you see your past invoices you can click 'End Task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Identify successful patterns, pain points, and solution strengths
Compared to other times you’ve paid for something online, was this:
Easier
About the same
Harder
Did anything happen that you didn’t expect or that made things confusing?
What worked well? Was there anything you liked?
Is there anything else you want to tell us?
(You can look through the prototype again if you want.)
Understand user persona
What is your age?
18-24
25-34
35-44
45-54
55-64
65+
Understand user persona
What type of bills do you typically pay with InvoiceCloud?
Water
Tax
Insurance
Utilities
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4623597596/Kebab+Menu+UX+Research+Plan