 Participants
InvoiceCloud
 
 
Kentucky Farm Bureau
Eric Adams, Austin Geoghegan, Megan Gasser
Goals
A brief review of KFB’s early usage
Review of what work well works / what works well / questions
Summary
 
POSITIVE 
Overall, they are happy with Invoice Cloud. They have a list of enhancements they would like to continue reviewing and prioritizing. 
 They are concerned about the ongoing support model and want to ensure they partner with IC. 
🍩 Jeff’s Donuts are gold at KFB
 Discussion topics
Item
Notes
Biller portal 
Would like to be able to customer screens in the BP for what they use only. They waste a lot of time clicking around to get the information they need in the customer profile. 
They requested improved customer history. There is no history to show accounts are deactivated. Would like to see this in the customer history because they had a large number of accounts deactivated as part of a bad data load.
Email notifications are in multiple places in the customer history (1,2,3 notification vs. payment receipts)  
Reports
Would like to see one report for all refunds, voids, and chargebacks. (Disputes go through a separate process and are not needed) They have to make manual updates/notes for each item and work across 3 different reports to get them. Needs to be more user friendly. 
POS
They asked if we could escalate POS partial refunds. This is impacting their ability to roll out the product to all 175 agencies.  
Testing and Training
During the implementation they felt some of our biller documentation and training needed to be improved. The email recipient list was delivered very late in the implementation, and if they received it earlier, it would have avoided some of the go-live pain. 
They are unable to test card expiration, so they still have no idea what that email looks like for their customers. 
Would like to see training customized for what they need. Since they are primarily using cloudpay V2, most of the standardized training was irrelevant. The most beneficial training they received was from Vicki 1:1. They would like to put something together with our training dept. to use more broadly at KFB. Contact Elizabeth Dalton
Training docs are good. 
Emails
They would like the ability to resend all emails. 
They would like the ability view contents of the email sent to payers. 
Email templates are lacking enough template markers. 
They wish they had seen the consolidate email template before it went out. 
Email templates are disappointing and not as customizable as they were lead to believe. This cause loss of dev cycles and delays in the implementation. 
Support 
Would like a primary contact at IC to support them going forward. 
CloudR2 
Large scale project to distribute and manage funds btw KFB and the agencies. Invoice Cloud impact is unknown, however there may be work on our end to help facilitate this. 
Metrics Feedback
Adoption not a huge priority for them. They value the business they bring to the communities they server and believe that by having checks for people to bring it a bank it continues to keep people employed. In addition, they highly value the agent:customer relationship and don’t want to discourage it. Going digital for them is about convience for their customers, but they will never make it the only option. 
Adoption metrics are 100% useless since they only create an invoice when someone is about to make a payment. 
Their ACH payments are mostly going through the bank and only allowed in certain circumstances, therefore their card/ACH breakdown is not relevant. 
Positives 
Much easier to search for customer information 
Refunds and voids are easy
Follow up items: 




16


incomplete


Sync with Customer Success on ongoing support plan, subsequent metrics updates 






17


incomplete


Coordinate with training on KFB request




 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2731638888/Kentucky+Farm+Bureau+Meeting+Notes