This classification is our attempt to categorize work item types and has been in pilot mode since 2023. In the core product engineering and integrations JIRA projects, this field becomes mandatory once a work item is groomed and ready for development. The data has been collected for some time, but it has not been fully vetted, and adoption of this classification needs refinement. ​
​
We plan to align it with recommended classifications from the Vista playbook.
 
InvoiceCloud Layer
​
Strategic Imperative
​
Example InvoiceCloud Work
​
Regulatory​
Investment required for compliance with regulatory requirements and standards​
PCI (Environment Segregation), SOC, AppSec, Payment Processor / Card Brand Updates​
Non-Discretionary Technical Upkeep​
Required technology upkeep items (such as end-of-life). Includes performance items where we fail to meet a required Business SLA.​
.NET 4.2 EOL, Batch Queue Remediation, Incidents, Patching, Firmware, OBD to Azure Batch​
Product Support & Escalations​
Break/fix & defect remediation issues, including escalations from the customer support organization​
Escalated tickets, incidents/remediation, alerts​
Customer Committed Development ​
4A. Contractual​
4B. Non-Contractual​
Investment to deliver on customer commitments that carry financial implications, including but not limited to contractual commitments​
Go Lives, Integrations, Implementations, Post Go-Live Commitments, Churn, Accessibility​
Minor Enhancements​
Investment to deliver incremental value within existing products​
Anything less than 1 month of work. If it costs more than 1 month, need to justify as Strategic Roadmap.​
Major Enhancements (Strategic Roadmap)​
Investment to deliver material value within existing & new products (each investment is material and carries opportunity cost)​
Braintree, Roles & Permissions. 1 month+. Need to perform ROI analysis with Vista framework.​
Technology Roadmap​
Investment into Technology Roadmap, including efforts such as code refactoring, platform evolution or consolidation, adoption of Cloud / PaaS, major tech upgrades etc.  ​
Performance Issues, Pay By Text Queueing Model, Palo Alto, DR, AVD​
Innovation / Discovery​
Investment in discovery & innovation activities that seek to identify future value streams (no immediate ROI expected)​
Generative AI Research​
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3197042715/Layer+Cake