3
3
false
list
false
This article contains information on the currently deployed Linux Jumpboxes within each 
Environment
.
Jumpboxes cannot communicate across 
Regions
 for Security and DNS concerns.  To access resources in a specific Region you must be on a Jumpbox located within that Region.
NonProd Jumpbox
The Jumpboxes in the NonProd Network Lane have connectivity to both the Sandbox and DevTest Private Resources.  There is only one Region in NonProd.
Primary Region:  
vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox-sbx
10.152.5.5
Production Jumpboxes
The Jumpboxes in the Production Network Lane only have connectivity to Production Private Resources.  There are 2 Regions in Production, with a Linux Jumpbox in each Region.
Primary Region: 
vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox
10.211.5.5
Secondary Region: 
vm0-sec-linux-jumpbox
10.212.5.4
Access via Azure AD Groups
Membership in the following Azure AD Groups will grant you access to the Jumpboxes.
Sandbox and DevTest: 
linux-jumpbox-users-sbx
Production: 
linux-jumpbox-users
User Login
Users can access the Linux Jumpboxes via SSH using the following Azure CLI command:
bash
az account set -s "Sandbox"

az ssh vm -n vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox-sbx -g RG-PRI-HUB2-SBX --prefer-private-ip

az account set -s "Enterprise Prod"

az ssh vm -n vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox -g RG-PRI-HUB2 --prefer-private-ip

az ssh vm -n vm0-sec-linux-jumpbox -g RG-sec-HUB2 --prefer-private-ip
Auto Shutoff
Each Jumpbox is currently scheduled to automatically shut off at 7 PM eastern time each day as a cost saving and security measure.  If this schedule needs to change due to new usage patterns, let Michael Griehm (
mgriehm@invoicecloud.com
) know and adjustments can be made.
Auto Start
The Jumpboxes are automatically started at 8 AM eastern time each weekday.
If this schedule needs to change due to new usage patterns, let Michael Griehm (
mgriehm@invoicecloud.com
) know and adjustments can be made.
To start a Jumpbox if it is in a Stopped state, run one of the commands shown below.  
bash
az account set -s "Sandbox"

az vm start -g rg-pri-hub2-sbx -n vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox-sbx

az account set -s "Enterprise Prod"

az vm start -g rg-pri-hub2 -n vm0-pri-linux-jumpbox

az vm start -g rg-sec-hub2 -n vm0-sec-linux-jumpbox
 URL:/spaces/icinfradoc/pages/2608005121/Linux+Jumpboxes