1
7
Handling tickets in Pending
The general guidance for handling pending tickets agreed with the Client Services Team
The tickets that are triaged by the Dev Support lead and found that this can be something CS can handle without Dev Support. 
The ticket will be assigned to Dev Support lead and then moved to PENDING STATE and the Jira Label 
CS_REVIEW 
would be set to imply that this has been sent back to CS Review 
The time clock starts to click for the PENDING tickets with the
 time-lapse set for 24 hours
. Dev Support will take up the ticket for further investigation and assistance if the information was insufficient. 
The CS team can either cancel the Sales Force ticket in that case workato automation will cancel the ticket on our end.
A separate dashboard - 
CS Review Dashboard
 will be built for the CS team to review regularly. 
The tickets that were in PENDING and awaiting info from the CS team. 
The time clock starts to click for the PENDING tickets with the time-lapse set for 48 hours. 
This includes the time CS is waiting on the Biller for information.
After 48 hours, the ticket will be moved with the
 mitigation action - “Lack of Response” 
After 48 hours, a canned message would be posted on the ticket.
The incident will be closed for lack of response or insufficient information to triage further. We will go ahead and close the incident in the next 24 hours. Please feel free to file a new incident with the required information for us to triage.
After the lapse of 72 hours or 3 days
. We are good to move the ticket to COMPLETED and DONE
Moving tickets to Pending
The tickets can be moved to Pending for various reasons either waiting on CS or waiting on Eng Support which can be either within the team or the scrum team. Drop a note in the comments and move the ticket to Pending with the more appropriate Pending reasons.
Pending Reason code
Description
Waiting for more info / More Info Required
Waiting on the submitter to provide more information
Onhold due to an escalation
A ticket moved to pending due to an incident or an escalation
Waiting on Eng Support
Waiting on Scrum team or internal team support
Waiting on Vendor
Waiting on Vendor to provide information or confirmation on the next steps
Pending on change request
A change has been requested to mitigated and waiting for the completion
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2391572481/Managing+Pending+Tickets