This documentation is no longer in use, please see
 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki/x/HoAR9w
 
This document provides detailed instructions and procedures for the integration of GUTS with Invoice Cloud, focusing on handling invoice processing.
Overview
The integration between GUTS and Invoice Cloud involves specific steps in the billing cycle, the handling of preliminary invoices, and scheduled payment updates. This process is particularly crucial for Marion County, given its variations from other counties.
GUTS Roll-Over Process
When:
 Every new cycle starts in December. The GUTS roll-over occurs annually on the Biller's side. Next load occurs around March/April and then again around September/October.
Trigger:
 The customer must confirm when the rollover should occur on our end. This is initiated after an item is submitted.
Key Notes:
 The customer must verify the timing for the rollover, ensuring the transition aligns with their billing schedule. New Due Dates must also be provided.
Pre Processing
Raw Files:
Depending on the Biller multiple files may be provided. Its recommend that files be put into a working directory specific to the Biller and load window.
path:
 
.../BillerCounty/MonthYear/RawFiles-InstallmentX/
Customer Files:
A file of Active Customers is required for processing. SQL query is available in GUTsToIC Tool and linked below. 
Make sure that the Customer Files have the required header.
 
A sample file is linked with the required headers. 
An empty file with the required headers can be used as the Inactive Customers file.
path:
 
.../BillerCounty/MonthYear/Customers/
Files:
 
 
GUTSToIC Tool
Once tool has been 
configured
, select 'Existing Integration' and then select the appropriate Biller and hit next.
Check off 'Custom Due Date' under Custom Dates and enter the date provided by the Biller on Jira Ticket.
Fill 
Installment Invoice Format GUID:
 81A88F26-E6B8-4D49-AC3C-DC0A51A9BA8B
Browse and select Active and Inactive Customer Files
Browse and select working directory with Raw Files
Next steps determined by Load Schedule Below
Load Schedule
December - New Cycle - $.01 Bills
Installment 1
: $.01 Bills 
Type N.
Note: the files from September/October will be reused here.
Check box for Installment 1 - $.01 Bills
Confirm all other information is filled out
Click Process
Tool will generate BIFs in new /BIF Folder within working directory.
Update Advanced Setting 7 in Biller CRM with new biller bill year for RTDR
Balance Forward Invoices from previous year (either manually in CRM or submit DBR)
Load generated BIFs to Biller (FTP Recommended)
Note: you can start loading the BIFs while you wait for Data Services to balance forward the old invoices.
Marion County Specific: Prelims 
Check box for "Uses Prelims" before processing any files
Add Prelim Invoice Format GUID:
 62AA0D8E-A257-4C60-812A-8D8AE80E9068
Once Installment 1 Files have finished loading, load Prelim files
On January 1, the FlexPayAutoEnrollScheduleGenerator job will run to copy FlexPay schedules to the prelim invoices
Note: If a FlexPay schedule is setup before the job runs on Jan 1, the invoice will be skipped to avoid a duplicate schedule creation
 
March/April - Installment 1 & 2
Installment 1:
 Replacement 
Type R.
Check box for Installment 1 - Replacements
Create Folder specific to Installment
Confirm all other information is filled out
Click Process
Tool will generate BIFs in new /BIF Folder within working directory.
Load generated BIFs to Biller (FTP Recommended)
Installment 2:
 True Ups 
Type N.
Check box for Installment 2 - True Ups
Create Folder specific to Installment
Confirm all other information is filled out
Click Process
Tool will generate BIFs in new /BIF Folder within working directory.
Load generated BIFs to Biller (FTP Recommended)
Marion County Specific:
Deactivate Prelim files from December (either manually in CRM or submit DBR)
Create DBR and reach out to Data Services to update scheduled payments to cover bill amount and move flexpays/scheduled payments
Flexpays that are set up on PreLim invoices need to be moved to Installment 1 invoices
September/October - Installment 2
Installment 2: 
True Ups Replace 
Type R
Around this time GUTs provides new files for Billers. This file will need to be saved as it will be reused in December.
Check box for Installment 2 - True Ups Replace 
Confirm all other information is filled out
Click Process
Tool will generate BIFs in new /BIF Folder within working directory.
Confirm Custom5 of generated BIFs are equal to Biller Bill Year
Load generated BIFs to Biller (FTP Recommended)
Tool Configuration
Clone 
GUTSToICIntegration
 Repo under Src_Miscellaneous and pull latest changes on Main branch
 
Add 
ResizeMode="CanResize"
 to MainWindow.xaml on line 10 
(QOL Improvement)
Add the linked BillerProperties file into the Repos directory …
\source\repos\GUTSToICIntegration\GUTSToICIntegration\bin\Debug\BillerDataJSON\
 
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/3669327889/Manual+GUTS+PVD+File+Processing+Documentation+DEPRECATED