Biller
ARR
UAT Window
Go-Live Date
Installment Dates
El Dorado
240K
5/15/2025 - 6/24/2025
06/25/2025
Placer
480K
8/6/2025
9/16/2025
Calaveras
145K
8/4/2025
9/3/2025
Mariposa (TOT Only)
24K
All Megabyte
5M
Product Request 
Description
Origin of Request
Existing JIRA?
Impact
Counties Impacted
Level of Priority
 
(MyIIS): Invoice Type Setting 41: Only allow payment on... "Based on…  
enhancement to Option41 that allows us to toggle the bases of Option41 between "DueDate" and "InvoiceDate" It also needs to not require the Taxpayer to pay the first bill before presenting the 2nd bill; need to press a key to move to the next open bill.  
Old Request, but discovered in El Dorado Co CA - impacts their IVR system, El Dorado will not turn on IVR until this is resolved. 
EBPP-14096
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 This isn’t a go-live blocker, UI-specific.
Requires the taxpayer to pay the oldest bill first and that is not permitted by law in CA, other options would pay the 2nd installment first, again, not permitted.  This is the first step in an interim solution - does not solve the issue but is the necessary first step. 
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
 is the UI related or IVR related or both?
UI needs to allow for selecting Due Date - this is related to IVR
 
 
 
this story attached is for the UI, should we remove it since their request is IVR related? 
 
  this would be Lisa’s call, and I believe she is out of the office this week. 
This request is tied to the IVR, it is up to product if this needs to be part of the interim fix; I believe at this time it does not. 
2
Pay by Text- County taxpayers needs to be able to pay both invoices at once
The ability to add both installments to the shopping cart from the PBT SMS link when being redirected to the customer portal to make a payment.    Currently payers can only pay one invoice at a time. County Tax billers want their taxpayers to be able to pay installment 1 & 2 (or the entire fiscal year) from the same pay by text link.
Discovered in UAT
EBPP-28738
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 Is there an option to drop them into a different step in the checkout flow.  
 will check to see if this is a go-live blocker.
The taxpayer must be able to pay the first installment or pay the bill in full.  Their annual Current Secured roll is actually one bill, but broken into 2 installments for taxpayer convenience.   
Suggest dropping into a different page that puts the 1st installment in the cart with a radial button that says 'Pay 1st and 2nd Installment' which then places the 2nd installment in the cart.  Second phase - allow them to include any defaulted or supplemental bills as well.   
Verified with client today 7/16/2025 they are requesting this be done prior to Secured bills going out 9/5/2025,
R&T Code: The entire tax on real property may be paid when the first installment is due. The first installment may be paid at any time prior to the time the properties are declared to be tax defaulted, even though the second installment has become delinquent. However, the second installment may be paid separately only if the first installment has been paid (§2607, §2703).   Consider when designing, their next request will most likely ask for the ability to have the taxpayer select to pay 1st installment or full bill.  
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
4
Email template markers need to be editable and all markers need to be available for ALL templates
Discovered in UAT
SPARK-293
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 Blocking the use of consolidated email receipts, but the biller has it turned off for now.
Email template markers need to be editable and all markers need to be available for ALL templates. Consolidated payment receipt shows the second installment payment as a third transaction instead of a service fee.  El Dorado requested IC fix the template to be able to edit the markers or messages to indicate what the service fee amount is.  These receipts have been turned off in El Dorado - as we cannot put incorrect receipts in the hands of taxpayers.  
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
 
There is a comment on this story, please read it, but just FYI: This is not currently planned for delivery in July or August.
When is this planned for delivery?
El Dorado is asking for a time frame - they are getting more calls due to this and anticipate more complaints as the current bills are out.  This isn’t impacting just large land owners, its impacting people who pay 1st and 2nd installments together - they are getting two separate emails and it is confusing their taxpayers. 
6
Need the ability to edit/add elected official name and information on print receipt from payment route
For all County tax billers- they will need the ability to edit/add elected official name and contact information on printed receipt from payment route. Currently today, this is not editable.    El Dorado is already live without this, County of Placer is set to go live early September and will want this in place.
Chief Deputy at El Dorado pointed it out to me, requested it be fixed. 
EBPP-28982
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 Need to figure out why Katie couldn’t update the email logo like she did with the website logo.  Not a blocker.  
 to work with design team to get cleaner logo.
The Tax Collector/Treasurer's in CA are elected officials.  They rely a lot on name recognition, when a taxpayer fills in pay to or writes a check - its to the name of the Tax Collector, and their name is on all of their bills, receipts and correspondence. They want that carried through, on our receipts, as it is a document in the hands of a taxpayer, the TC wants their name on it, and they want consistency across their receipts and documents.  This is a common request in states where the TC is elected.  
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
**Sapiens Coresuite asked if we could edit the fields on this template to use another field other than the account number
7/14- Reached out to Bill and Emily to find out a timeframe for this work for Megabyte only.   
  Hi Sarah- Calaveras County asked me yesterday during out UAT session, how they can add their elected official to the payment receipt page as well.  They go live on 9/8
 I see this is on SPAM’s board, scheduled for a sprint that starts in early September, however, to get the best timeframe, please reach out to 
 as she owns that work.
5
IVR to support paying both tax installments in the same transaction
IVR- This request is to support taxpayers to pay the full fiscal year(both installments) in one transaction when paying their property taxes. Currently, it forces them to pay the oldest bill first, then listen for any other unpaid bills in order to make another payment.   Taxpayers are being charged double the service fee and the IVR surcharges, causing issues for adoption on new billers.  This is not a go live blocker for El Dorado, but it will be for Placer County as they go live mid September.
Discovered during UAT
EBPP-28748
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 As a stopgap, we can hack the query to not return delinquent items, then we’re in compliance and that buys us time to do the right solution.
Alter the query to return only invoice type id 7 and 8 - that will pull back only current secured and current unsecured.  
MUST HAVE BY OCT 1 
El Dorado has IVR shut off now, won't turn it back on until we resolve their issue with forcing a taxpayer to pay the delinquent bill first, as it is illegal to do so in CA and with not allowing the taxpayer to pay either the 1st installment or the 1st and 2nd installment at the same time with only one transaction fee.    
In a discussion with the county today, they reiterated that they will not turn IVR back on until the ability to select 1st only or 1st and 2nd with one transaction fee is resolved.  She said that if it would help, we could allow only current bills to be paid through IVR.  She said they must have this before the secured bills go out - which should be around 9/5/2025.  
Our interim solution does not solve paying 1 & 2 together and was unacceptable.  Go live blocker for IVR.  
Reviewed the Selectron IVR diagrams and it does not appear that going with them will solve the issue either.    
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
Commitment to El Dorado and Placer for the interim solution which limits IVR to only process current secured or current unsecured is end of September - hopeful that is an under promise, and over deliver situation - their bills are on the street next week. 
3
Auth Account Number addition in postback for EMV payments 
-This has been completed.
AuthOrderNumber is the authorization number we receive from Chase Paymentech, and El Dorado can use this number to locate the transaction details in Chase Online Reporting and the biller portal under Customers/Payments.
El Dorado Co CA
WDIL-51
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 In process
We are passing a different approval code for the cloud payments, the county cannot use that approval code to find the transactions in the biller portal.  It is also the authorization number that comes from chase and can be used to location a specific transaction.  It will make our flow more consistent for the biller and their reconcilliaton processes.
Confirmed with biller 7/16/2025 that this is their highest priority. 
El Dorado request, Upon further review, this will be a standard for all Megabyte clients.  
 
 my team has this and will review early next week, the goal is to pull it in to the sprint that starts next Wednesday. 
 
 
 this is in the 8/21 release, I’ll confirm once it goes to production.
1
BILLER IS NOT AWARE OF THIS ISSUE YET:  
Need the ability to charge a single transaction fee for all items in a cart that are paid in one transaction.  
Currently we charge by invoice type, which does not work for CA, as there are 6 invoice types in tax.
Apparently we group by invoice type when we send to Chase for authorization.  I was told this would be resolved when we have launched PayFac, but the last date I saw was April 2026.  These CA billers will not wait for this, they want it now, our competitors can do this already.   
Mark McNamara/Lisa Hargiss/Patty Melton/John Conley 
 The solution here is to not charge for ACH 
 
Billers will not accept changing the taxpayers multiple fees for making a single transaction - in fact there is a reminder at the top of their webpage that reminds taxpayers to put all their bills into the cart and pay one time to avoid multiple fees.  
Requested a waiver of all ACH fees for all CA clients moving forward until this issue is resolved within the product.  
Initial request for El Dorado has been approved. 
Request for Calaveras and Placer has been approved.  
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
Add a phone number field to the payment route for payers to include email address and/or phone number when making a payment
This request is for County Tax billers requesting their tax payer to add a phone number field under the email address field in the payment route, to either make this mandatory or optional (in CRM option or invoice type options)  The existing county tax billers (Megabyte in particular) cannot parse the address data that they send in the BIF file, meaning the customer addresses are not being captured.
Katie O’Connell on behalf of El Dorado, Calaveras, and Placer Counties.
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/browse/PRO-69https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/browse/PRO-69
 Lisa has a DP example of us sending phone number.  Was that for PBT?  Example is just of a receipt generated from biller portal that has the phone number title on it - customer gave it to us. 
Tax payer makes a payment on the wrong parcel and did not provide a valid email address, the county has no way of contacting the tax payer about their payment.  
El Dorado, Placer, Calaveras, Mariposa, All Megabyte potential clients
 this will not be worked as an individual item and will be worked in 2026.  
This is a high priority item for El Dorado, they lost functionality. 
7
OBD when sending both installments through the data pump with the same timestamp, the payments are erroring out in the CIS
In some cases when both installments are selected, installment 2 appears before 1 which in turn tries to send installment 2 payment first land it fails on the Megabyte side with a message that installment 1 must be paid first.
El Dorado, Placer will go live with OBD after their go live date of 9/16/2025 - 
WT-210  
This issue of order we send installments in the data pump was addressed in EBPP-28290 - but OBD was not included at that time. 
Data pump is erroring out in the Megabyte system, we set the precedent of fixing it for the other out of order issues, it is a critical item for El Dorado - as their current secured bills are out and heading into their peak collection season.  
El Dorado & Placer
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4474208259/Megabyte+Request+Tracking