Problem Alignment
The Problem
Payers are increasingly using mobile devices to view & pay their invoices with a forecast of over 50% of transactions in 2021. Today, our virtual site experience is not optimized for mobile and instead throughout the development process it is thought of secondarily after the desktop view. Often not enough time is spent thinking through that experience in the design or development process, such as what data fields are the most critical or the best way to utilize the available space.
As we begin to track more closely metrics for payment conversions, we will need to ensure that the primary experience for payers is optimized as much as possible.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
We have stumbled into several design gaps when assessing the mobile experience, such as custom data tables not showing the right information or showing how to signup for additional services such as paperless in the most intuitive way. 
Additionally, early Google Analytics data indicates a higher dropoff conversion rate compared to desktop.
Audience: Who are we building for?
Payers
High-level Approach
An analysis of where the mobile payer experience suffers the most through data inputs (e.g., Google Analytics, Full Story) is necessary to fully understand where we should start. Questions should be able to be answered such as:
Is there data / context missing in the flows?
Is the critical information easy to read and understand?
Is a page not intuitive enough to use without instructions?
Where are we losing payers in the payment process?
Is there a better way to get them to signup for Autopay and Paperless?
Etc.
After that kind of analysis, a typical design and development process should occur.
Finally, it is likely a good idea to update our product, design, and development processes to shift to a mobile focus for the Payer experience.
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we have succeeded if we are able to convert a higher number of payers on mobile.
Metrics to track:
Objective
Mobile payment conversion rate
Subjective
NPS
Solution Alignment
Key Features
Optimized views for mobile
Key Flows  
Launch Readiness
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Exit Criteria
Status
Operational Checklist
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/954597506/Mobile+Payment+Flows+Long-term