Runbook
Ordering and Network Authorization Testing
Contents
2
note
Network Authorization Testing Preparation


Network Authorization Testing Preparation


Network/hardware testing is done to test the following:
The physical card reader - this must be done within 30 days of the card reader shipment to fall in the initial hardware warranty.
Network requirements for communication
IP Whitelisting for SaasConex - the device should be able to register the IP. 
Internal communication on 10009 - the PC used by the clerk needs to activate the card reader during the transaction
IP Whitelisting for PayConex - the device is able to get a valid auth/decline response from the processor via the PayConex gateway
It is important that the biller has a network/IT resource on this call to assist with any issues that occur
Steps
Description
Documentation
Responsibility
1
Confirm with biller they have received the readers and updated the P2PE Portal
The biller will need to update the readers in the P2PE portal using the credentials they received from Bluefin.
Log the tamper flabel information for each card reader and set their status to Activating
Add the location and names to the device table
They will need to confirm when this is complete.
Biller/IM
2
Send Network Test Prep Email and schedule call with biller
This email reviews the requirements for the biller’s network team and outlines the upcoming network testing call. 
Use the appropriate template (
Email Templates Folder Link
) and include the following attachments:
Bluefin Authorized IP, POrts and Services.pdf
EMV Implementation Rundown.pdf
CPv2 Billers only
 
make sure a partner resource is invited for the call
The biller should include an IT/network resource on the call to cover any questions or issues that occur. You should schedule an hour for this call in case there are network problems. 
EMV Test Preparation
 
You may have already received an alert from Bluefin, but your card readers are scheduled for delivery XXXX. We can schedule your network testing for XXXXXX. 
 In preparation for our testing call there are some items that can be done in advanced to help move through testing more quickly. Please review the EMV Implementation Rundown.pdf document items specifically regarding the below and let me know if you have any questions: 
P2PE Registration p. 2-5 
Network Testing p. 5-6 
Device Configuration p. 7 
 Please also confirm that your network team has completed the whitelisting for outbound communication on the IPs listed in the attached Bluefin Authorized IP, Ports and Services.pdf. 
  
During the call, we will go through the following steps for each reader: 
Start the Bluefin application to confirm that the IP has successfully registered with Bluefin. 
Open the Biller Portal/your CIS, initiate a transaction and activate the reader. 
Run a $2-4 transaction. This will be voided once we confirm that your back office is successfully updated. 
  
Please let me know some times that work for you on either day. 
IM
3
Confirm/update CRM - 
EQUIPMENT
All readers set Active. 
If they were set to “
Stored”
 you update the Status by 
expanding the device details 
select “New Tracking”
Select “Active” and Save
IM
4
Confirm/update CRM - 
TERMINALS
Confirm Biller and IC Fee Bluefin Terminals are set live
Link the Bluefin Terminals are linked to the POS source for all applicable invoice types
NOTE - if you are working with a live biller that is currently using in person payments via POSConnect this with BREAK those payments. Make sure the biller is aware for the testing window and you undo the POS mapping if they are not going live as part of testing
IM
5
Confirm/update CRM - 
DATAPUMP
** Only for billers using Datapump to test **
Enable EMV MIDs 
Enable POS payment source
IM
note
Network and Activation Testing Steps 


Network and Activation Testing Steps 


It is important that the biller has a network/IT resource on this call to assist with any issues that occur.
For a biller using CPv2, you should also have a resource from the CIS that can walk them through the transaction and help troubleshoot.
**The biller will need data loaded. If your biller is EBPP only and does not have data loaded at the time follow the steps outlined below the primary steps 
here
Steps
Description
Documentation
Responsibility
1
CRM - Terminals Map the POS Source to Bluefin MID
Update the POS Source for all invoices being tested invoice type to point to the appropriate Bluefin EMV terminal
2
Devices are online and powered on
The very first step is to confirm that the biller has the card readers online and powered on. Ideally the readers will be put in the locations that they will be running permanently to ensure that there are not environmental issues once they are moved
If the devices have been offline for more than 30 days - confirm the devices are powered on and on the network. 
Email 
service@bluefin.com
 with the SN# and request an update be pushed to all devices 
IM/Biller
3
SaasConex IP Registration
This step confirms that the SaasConex IP/ports have been whitelisted for outbound communication and that the device(s) will be able to communication with Invoice Cloud.
Prompt the biller to open the Bluefin app to show the “Protected by Bluefin” 
This 
should
 automatically push a Local IP Registration and the screen will show 
“Local IP Registration Success” 
across the top of the screen
If that does not show, walk them through a manual POS Register see 
here
If this is not successful follow the troubleshooting steps 
here
. It is important that the biller’s network resource is available to answer the questions.
IM/Biller
4
First Device Activation & Authorization
Before running the card please confirm that the biller is not using a pre-paid/gift card. These can cause mis-leading errors
Biller looks up an invoice and proceed through the steps in the transaction process in the biller portal or CPv2 to generate a $2-5 invoice. 
The biller select the card reader and prompt them to select 
Activate Card Reader/Pay with Physical Card.
When the biller confirms the reader has lit up, have them insert their card and complete the full authorization
If the reader does not light up/activate troubleshoot 
here
.
If you receive an 
SDK Error
 troubleshoot 
here
.
IM/Biller
5
Additional Device Activation 
You only need to test each Merchant ID once. 
After the first successful authorization, you can move through the other devices just activating and have the user hit the red 
X 
to decline the transaction. 
HINT - you can have the biller stay and a single PC and use the 
Return to previous page
 to keep changing the reader and not have them sign in and run to each PC.
6
Multiple Locations
If a biller has the readers in multiple locations (or networks), they will need to complete outbound testing on each network. 
You will need to repeat steps 3 and 4 at each location.
For billers that only have EBPP invoice types, but no data loaded at the time of testing, you will need to create a temporary cloud store to process the transactions.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3963781121/Network+and+Activation+Testing+Preparation+and+Steps