Runbook
Implementation Team Participation in New Integrations
Description
Participation in Integration Efforts – Quick Guide for Implementations
Contents
2
Change Log
Changes Made
Date
Author
Version
Description
 03/29/2024
Orig: Kinga Dobriban
1.0
Added by Lois Powers
Summary
New Integrations projects have an Integration Manager, Solutions Engineer, and Project Manager/Implementation Manager. This helps guide cadence with the Integration Team and delivery of completed successful project. 
note
Process


Process


Steps
Description
1
Assist in Getting a Technical Contact from the Biller's Side
Actively collaborate with the biller to identify and secure a dedicated technical contact from their team. This contact will play a critical role in ensuring a smooth integration process.
Ideally this person has experience with the file transfer process to/from the CIS we are integrating.
2
Receive an Invitation to the Discovery Meetings
Expect to receive invitations to participate in discovery meetings, typically consisting of three 90-minute sessions. These sessions are crucial for understanding the biller's requirements and expectations.
3
Join Business Design Review (BDR) and Technical Design Review (TDR) Meetings
Ensure your active participation in both the Business Design Review (BDR) and Technical Design Review (TDR) meetings. These meetings provide essential information for the integration process. 
Business Design Review (BDR)
: In BDR meetings, we'll discuss the business aspects of the integration, including data flow, process mapping, and any specific business rules or compliance requirements. 
Technical Design Review (TDR)
: TDR meetings focus on the technical aspects of the integration. Topics may include integration methods (real-time or batch), data formats, security protocols, and system compatibility.
4
Provide Information to the Biller on the Integration
Prepare an Integration Overview Slide that summarizes key details of the integration that will be built.
It is your responsibility to know how the integration will work. Please join meetings with the engineering team as frequently as you can to be comfortable with the integration and gain confidence when describing it to billers.
Typical Integration Process
Difference Between SIT and UAT
Discovery sessions with Invoice Cloud and Biller: Three 90-minute sessions, ideally conducted on consecutive days.
Integration Design: Approximately 10 business days.
Integration Coding: 4-6 weeks depending on discovery and complexity.
System Integration Testing (SIT)
: Approximately 4 weeks.
Walkthrough and 
User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
: Approximately 4 weeks.
Go-Live.
 SIT 
Performed by testers. 
Main goal is to ensure that the data flows between the two systems as intended, and the integration functions as designed.
Occurs before UAT 
 UAT 
Performed by Users
Main goal is to check functionality against user requirements. 
Occurs after SIT 
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3143041475/New+Integration+Participation