 Overview
Team announces their next quarter commitments along with a refresh of their 12 month roadmap.
What initiatives is the team committing to for the next quarter? What does success look like for each?
What is the new 12-month plan?
Date
 
Team
IVRTG
Participants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Next Quarter Commits
List out next quarter commitments, with target date and definition of success for each item. 
Jira Plans link can also be embedded below, but we want a full record of commitments for comparison at a later date. 
IVRTG Prod Eng. Capacity
Implementation (3)
Compass Platform (4)
Compass Broadcast (4)
Engineering Support (3)
Average Velocity Last 12 Sprints
30
36
33
28
Total Capacity for Quarter
180
216
198
168
Capacity for Vacations / Issues (Less 20%)
36
44
40
34
Available Capacity
144
172
158
134
Total Available Capacity
608 points
Commitment
T-Shirt Size
Layer Cake
Team
Target Date
Definition of Success
Payment IVR - Contact Center Payment
M
Major Enhancements
Implementation
 
Create and facilitate enablement plan for new Product across GTM, CSM, and Product Marketing teams
Payment IVR - Complete Shopping Cart Discovery 
M
Innovation / Discovery
Implementation
 
Key Outcome: Allow Payers to pay multiple open invoices with a single transaction. 
Design UX workflow
Update call flow documentation
Define API update requirements
Outbound Campaigns - Complete Discovery for EBPP Integration
S
Innovation / Discovery
Implementation
 
Key Outcome: Display outbound campaign communication history in the EBPP.
Work with Product to define UI and UX requirements and design wireframe
Define API requirements 
Payer AI Agent
EBPP-204
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/browse/PLAT-2314
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/browse/PLAT-2397
L
Innovation / Discovery
Compass Platform
 
Ready for Biller Beta Participant Outreach
Completion of:
Enablement Material
Legal / Compliance Approval & Deliverables
Demo / Prod Environment
Data / Reporting
SF Client Services Feedback Channel
Participate in product enablement planning
Address gaps identified during planning
Compass Platform CQI - I
M
Non-Discretionary Technical Upkeep
Compass Platform
 
Ensure lint and test stages are run in CI pipelines
Include non-blocking coverage, SAST and dependency vulnerability scanning as part of pre-commit and CI.
Outbound Campaigns - Move To DB / Server Side Pagination & Filtering
XS
Technology Roadmap
Compass Broadcast
 
Fixed Compass Broadcast Portal Loading Slowness Problem. Specifically for NFG main client account.
Ensure all data table filtering is performed at the database level.
Outbound Campaigns - Increase Throughput
M
Technology Roadmap
Compass Broadcast
 
Currently Voice, Text and Email Campaigns run synchronously.
Run Voice Campaigns in parallel.
Run Text Campaigns in parallel.
Run Email Campaigns in parallel.
Outbound Campaigns - Contact Group Rework
L
Technology Roadmap
Compass Broadcast
 
Spill over into Q4
Move away from utilizing single document for storing contact group to separate collections removing size limits.
Rework all aspect of product to utilize new contact group data structure.
Payment IVR - Paperless and AutoPay Adoption Drivers
M
Major Enhancements
Engineering - Support
 
Complete testing by 7/31
Create and facilitate enablement plan for new features across GTM, CSM, and Product Marketing teams
Deploy to Production
Contrast Rollout
M
Non-Discretionary Technical Upkeep
Engineering Support
 
Add Contrast to Non Compass Platform applications.
Decommission legacy mail server
S
Non-Discretionary Technical Upkeep
Engineering Support
 
Provide platform team with all internal mail aliases.
Work with platform team to decommission legacy mail server.
Planned Points
150 + 160 + 195 + 150 = 655 points
 New 12 Month Roadmap
Add a 12 Month view. This should be from Jira Product Discovery. Create a View and just copy/paste the link below, and it should render appropriately. In the table below, list any noteworthy changes.
Item
Notes
Voice Bot - IC Payment IVR 4.0 Discovery
Redesign IC Payment IVR to support NLP for an intent-driven UX using AI.
Scheduled Payments Discovery
Add the ability to schedule payments in the payment IVR
Payment Extensions Discovery
Add the ability to request and setup a payment extension in the payment IVR (requires CIS specific integration)
Kong API Gateway Upgrades
Upgrade to the latest stable version of Kong API Gateway
Start utilizing Hashicorp Vault for credential management
Migrate all apps to leverage dynamic vault credentials to improve security posture
Compass Platform CQI - II
Add test cases around routing for Django projects
Upgrade to Django 4 LTS
Compass Broadcast Contrast Rollout
Add Contrast to:
Compass Broadcast
UM API
Ninja API
Click to Call
Compass Broadcast CQI
Ensure lint and test stages are run in CI pipelines
Include non-blocking coverage, SAST and dependency vulnerability scanning as part of pre-commit and CI.
Add test cases around routing for Django projects
Upgrade to Django 4 LTS
Non Compass Apps CQI
Ensure lint and test stages are run in CI pipelines
Include non-blocking coverage, SAST and dependency vulnerability scanning as part of pre-commit and CI.
Add test cases around routing for Django projects
Upgrade to Django 4 LTS
Compass Broadcast - Unified Authentication for API and Portal
Today there is authentication context divergence. Portal users are validated via Auth0 and API users are validate by DRF.
We need to have unified authentication. Whether we fully switch to Auth0 or bring SSO auth via SAML in house using packages like djangosaml2 or django-saml2-auth.
 Open Questions
Provide a list of any discussion questions the team has, especially if there are decisions/actions needed to unblock the next quarter’s roadmap. 




23


23


incomplete




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4442816513/Next+Quarter+Commitment+-+IVRTG+2025+Q3