The below list are notes based on conversations on needed decisions.  These need to be reviewed and actioned.  Corresponding detailed documentation, articles, policies, guidelines create and published. 
API-first – RESTFUL versus SOAP? Parity/versus – who is using it?​
RESTful going forward on any new APIs, hosted api.invoicecloud.com
Legacy SOAP and existing RESTful APIs will be supported on www.invoicecloud.com
SOAP APIs to be considered as deprecated with new features being available in RESTful APIs
SOAP APIs will be maintained for security patches and for legacy integrations
If new functionality is need but a migration to RESTful APIs is not possible Kong can be used to fill the gap bridging inbound SOAP to the new RESTful backend 
Kubernetes – Biller and Payer Clusters​
We have infrastructure to support these two domains which cover a large part of our workloads
Target Biller and Payer workloads for migrations from Azure VM to k8s
Microservices?​
Term has become some what overloaded.  Specifically we will be creating small business domain/function focused APIs.
VB.Net  (4) / C# (.5) / Python – new code C#​
If big stuff is in VB.Net , C# conversion​
VB.Net  is used heavily, projects that to not see a lot of coding activity should be left as is
Projects with a lot of coding activity should be a refactor target, guidelines to be created
Main/executing project stays in VB.Net , business logic code is broken out to class libraries and converted to c#, unit testing A/B strategy in place for VB c# conversion 
Entire project is converted to c#, unit testing A/B strategy in place for VB c# conversion 
How…write test cases, convert, run test cases​
Run book format for capturing manual testing 
Use NUnit for integration testing; components and APIs
React UI components testing Jest
E2E UI testing Sauce Labs or Selenium  
What do we want to modernize, what do we want to leave behind? Frequent commits​
CodeScene Hotspots
Product roadmap items
Applications with scaling issues
Fix the stuff that’s hardest to maintain​
Stored Procedures​
Shallow SPs pattern (CRUD)
Split MyIIS application? Yes – Architecture can help define the lines of this.​
Payer Portal
Virtual Site
SOAP APIs
Event Driven – Azure Service Bus – Keda.
​
React versus Web forms?​
React Micro UIs (module federation)
Design system library for developers to consume
Design system needs to get in place? Q2 – Common component library​
Matt Radel and 2 FE developers are actively working on this.   Jira (items / epics) are needed for tracking and projection 
Page by page approach?​
Feature approach (features are key areas on a given pages but not necessarily the whole page)
Page by page end up with work streams needed to cover elements that are not related to the target feature
Application pipelines – Octopus TBD – Port - IDP​
API Documentation KONG Content Management API documentation​
Data Pump – we are creating new one? Rewrite / V2.0​
No team owns onboarding/offboarding of clients​
Email/ SMS/Autopay – Rearchitecture / redesign. ​
SSO / MFA – SAML – Identity Provider KEYCLOAK RedHat​
Open Telemetry – observability (New Relic)​
Performance - SLAs / SLOs
Performance System / Load Testing 
Need to create a road show around 
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4018765838/Notes+From+2025+Goals+Meeting