 Rollout Plan
MVP - Initial timeline was for RPPS to be completed by September 30, 2022. Team has been marching to this date and was prepared to start transitioning early access billers. On 9/12/22, MasterCard informed the test plan they recommended will require an additional 3-4 months of work on their end. We will be continuing to work towards the previous timeline to complete the development work. 
User stories are prioritized based on level of importance first. 
We are planning to run production testing with 1-2 smaller billers once development is complete. 
Testing/Migration Plan:
Our test plan has shifted to focus on billers who are only using Fiserv for OBD payments. We will begin a pilot program for Fiserv early access users to begin using the system and proving feedback. We will provide launch support for these billers and work internally for any additional development updates which will be needed to support the overall OBD launch. 
Target timeframe for Fiserv Early Access Billers: Mid October 
Target timeframe for RPPS Early Access Billers: TBD based on MC’s ability to deliver a new ICA for our test transition.  
Transition a few billers to confirm everything is working as expected - timing TBD
Transition the remaining billers in phases - timing TBD
Communication
Marketing has put together a formal communication plan to include the upcoming changes and to highlight actions needed by the biller. Communication will include providing information in the Cloud Burst, sending emails to billers as well as hosting a formal webinar highlighting the upcoming changes and rollout plan so billers are aware. We will also be using Pendo as a way to provide updates and reminders to billers. There will be changes to the existing process that will need to be communicated clearly internally and to billers including the following:
New originator ID - billers will need to notify their bank of this new number
matched based funding
consolidated reporting 
New feature to support funding at the invoice type level. 
OBD batches will close at the same time as their credit card batch so depending on whether their standard batch close time is after 5pm EST, funding will be 1 day later. 
Successful match close process is now tied to funding 
At transition, all open unmatched items will be matched and funded to create a clean transition
 Schedule Structure
A formal communication plan is being managed by Marketing. We have divided up the development work needed in the epics section of this document. The dates below are high level milestones. 
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Success Criteria
Status
7/31/22
Discovery Sessions Completed
Exploring project requirements, defining in scope needs and confirming priorities
stories start development in 6/27 sprint. 
Complete
6/24/22
Development Begins
User stories groomed & prioritized
stories start development in 6/27 sprint. 
Complete
8/31/22
Scope well defined
Complete list of stories defined and team has a clear understanding of scope of work
Complete List of user stories
Complete
8/31/22
Grooming Complete
Grooming completed for all epics 
All user stories will be in ready for dev status
In Progress
6/27/22-9/30/22
Development 
user stories will be assigned to sprints starting with 6/27-9/15
Development is completed successfully
In Progress
7/15/22
Marketing Plan  
Partner with Marketing to create a marketing/communication plan. 
Put together a complete plan for managing this change for billers
Complete
8/30/22
Communication to billers
Begin communicating information to existing OBD customers
Messaging is sent out to inform billers of upcoming changes
Not Started
9/16/22
Pilot Rollout Begins
Pilot small group of billers using new platform
Migration complete for select billers
Not Started
9/30/22
Training
Provide training prior to rollout
Completed Training
In Progress
9/16/22
Webinars
Provide webinar training for billers - if needed. 
Published Content
In Progress
10/31/22
Post Rollout Care
Capturing issues, prioritizing and fixing items. 
Issues which come up are resolved in a timely manner
Not Started
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2413199361/OBD+Subpage+Schedule