 Solution Alignment
Success: How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know this problem has been solved when we are able to run RPPS transactions successfully through Cass Bank which will fund the appropriate billers account. All transactions including any rejects and/or refunds will tracked, funded and applied to the specific billers bank account as intended. The reconciliation and reporting should also align to the transactions processed. (Note: refunds were not part of the existing OBD process.)
One call out which will be different for the new RPPS process is that unmatched transactions will 
not 
be funded to the biller. The biller must match the transaction by the established cutoff time, then funding will follow. Otherwise, unmatched transactions will be pending and returned once the timeline expires. 
We will need a cutover plan to address specific transactions that may begin using the old process, but will be processed under the new format. For example, Billers currently have 7 days to match OBD transactions. During cutover, we will need to closely monitor this so we have funding to cover any overages. Billers will need to match transactions by a specific time to close out as many transactions as possible prior to cutover. Refunds which will be processed using the updated RPPS process on transactions summited prior to cutover will also need to be tracked and reported. 
PSN will also be using the same Cass bank account as Invoice Cloud to fund accounts. Each morning, the finance team will confirm the ledger details for both PSN and Invoice Cloud to ensure both accounts are balanced daily. 
Metric
Current
Goal
Improved feedback on NPS (OBD) process changes
Transactions are processed and funded as expected using the new process flow
Increase in revenue as new billers are onboarded with the new cost structure as well as contract renewals. 
Number of tickets submitted/calls from billers regarding OBD funding are reduced
Key Features
Implementing this change will allow billers to continue to receive OBD services for RPPS. 
Consolidated funding and reporting for both RPPS & Fiserv. Payments and reporting will be consolidated to improve the biller experience
This enhancement will give Invoice Cloud the ability to support funding at the invoice type level which is a key feature billers have been requesting. (i.e.  Billers may need to fund their water and tax accounts separately - with this enhancement, we will be able to support this request)  
This will provide Invoice Cloud with the ability to control OBD funding. 
Unmatched transactions will no longer be funded, therefore it will reduce the amount of manual work for billers having to process reversals.  
OBD Matching process has been recently updated to increase the match rate which means less manual work for our billers to do. Post release, transactions are matched on more than 96% of transactions!
OBD matching process can also prevent customers from making overpayments on their accounts which creates additional work for the biller when they have to reverse those transactions. 
see also this bug: 
EBPP-2005
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
see also this: 
EBPP-2692
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Scope Options
Feature
Reasons to do it
Reasons to not do it
Recommendation
Update backend plumbing for RPPS change
This needs to be done in order to keep the RPPS service functional.
MVP, needs to be included or RPPS feature won’t work
Include
Update biller portal pages for RPPS change
This needs to be done in order to keep the RPPS service functional.
MVP, billers need to have accurate reporting and reconciliation
Include
Align Fiserv OBD with new RPPS strategy
Only RPPS is making this funding change, while Fiserv is remaining untouched.  There’s an option to align Fiserv as well for consistency in how we handle OBD.
Gives billers consistent OBD funding experience
Brings funding within IC control for consolidation
Simplifies the messaging/rollout
Allows us to move the OBD logic to invoice type level
Needs to be done for Braintree migration anyway, this would prevent double migration
Billers are already taking a hit on funding timeline, need to give them improvements as well
Consistent format for all OBD payments
If we don’t align changes, we will need to consider what biller portal reporting changes may be impacted.  
Will take effort from the Payments team, likely to push back processor update requested by NFG and remaining Braintree efforts, but effort for this is likely to be small-medium
Migration needs to be completed within MC timeline. May not have time to complete all stories for both RPPS and Fiserv. 
Potential risk: Fiserv may not be able to meet our timeline requirements.
 
Include
Move OBD logic to invoice type level
This has been a long-requested feature that would allow the billers to take OBD deposits into different back accounts.
EBPP-324
Will open up OBD product (and related revenue) to more clients (see: BS&A, and others (full list TBD))
Long-requested feature that could help raise biller NPS
Already on the Biller team roadmap, would just need to be expedited
Will take effort from the Biller team, likely to push back audit logs and roles/permissions, but effort for this is likely to be small-medium if done in conjunction with overall project and Payments team
Include
Raise OBD pricing for new and existing customers
Pricing on OBD has never gone up, but our costs have.  John and I did some analysis and there is potentially significant opportunity (>$1M ARR) if we’re able to raise per-transaction costs even slightly.
Pricing lift for new billers - will be part of the updated billing
 
structure for the new OBD process. 
We’ve not raised OBD pricing in a long time (ever?) but our costs continue to rise
Significant revenue opportunities
Effort to do this is minimal, mostly just a billing exercise
We expect billers to be excited about the value being delivered  with these new enhancements.
Pushback from billers, possible attrition on product
Include
Additional match rate improvements
John and team made some significant improvements to match rate Q3 of last year, but there are still more things than can be done, particularly if we intend on raising prices and/or doing the manual matching ourselves.
EPIC 
EBPP-3927
EBPP-3901
 - Handling special chars in account and invoice numbers
EBPP-2052
 - Handling special chars in name fields
EBPP-3370
 - Add ability to undo auto prior match
EBPP-1288
 - Send reversals through data pump
If we’re going to raise prices, higher match rates help justify the additional cost to billers
If we’re going to do the manual matching for billers, reducing the number of manual matches required helps us lower costs
Will take effort from the Biller team, likely to push back audit logs and roles/permissions, but effort for this is likely to be medium
We can lean on last year’s match rate improvements
Exclude
Consolidate and simplify OBD reporting in Biller Portal
Currently the OBD reporting is very bloated and confusing.  There are certainly opportunities to improve this and make the overall OBD experience better.
Improve the usability of our OBD project (becomes more important if we raise pricing)
Simplifies the reconciliation process for billers - creating value and improved experience
Significant research and lead-time to design these changes appropriately, does not mesh with urgent RPPS timeline (could be fast follower)
Exclude
Offer IC manual matching service
It was brought up on a previous call that we may want to do the manual matching for our billers.  Given the volume of manual matching that takes place, we would need to consider the staffing for this and pricing for OBD.
Next level service would remove 100% of the effort from the billers (competitive differentiator?)
This would take major staffing changes, which would need to be offset by a rise in OBD pricing
If we’re willing to staff for manual work, our time/money is better spent on taking customer calls, which will have a much bigger impact on biller NPS
There will be scenarios in which the IC employee doesn’t have the info necessary to do the match
Exclude
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2412773377/OBD+Subpage+Solution+Alignment