 Problem Alignment
Problem: What is the friction or opportunity?
MasterCard RPPS contacted InvoiceCloud and told us they would be changing their funding model.  As of a certain date (see below), they would no longer be funding the billers directly, and instead require us to utilize a partner bank which will accept deposit of funds and disburse funds based on our instruction.  Based on research performed by Sara Faied, we will be partnering with 
Cass Bank
. 
This change will be implemented for both Invoice Cloud and PSN at the same time. Testing was previously expected to begin in mid-October, however, with recent updates with work needing to be completed by MC, the timeline for roll out will be pushed until approx Q1. 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
RPPS will cease sending us OBD payment files as of the date listed below.  This has been validated by other players in the industry, including PayPal.  If we do not accommodate this change, we will no longer be able to offer RPPS as a service within our OBD product.  RPPS represents 37% of OBD payments from Jan 2021 through Mar 2022, so losing this service will be a significant loss for a revenue-generating product on our platform.
Audience: Who are we building this for?
Billers - Our clients will lose access to using OBD for RPPS if we do not complete this migration by the required due date. Losing this service would be a significant negative impact to billers using OBD. Therefore, we must migrate the RPPS process before the deadline. Being able to migrate both RPPS and Fiserv in the same timeline would provide a more consolidated funding and reporting experience for billers which would delight billers.   
Customer Support - This team will benefit from the OBD enhancements as it could lead to less inquiries on OBD funding and improved visibility on funding the transactions. The support team also needs to have an understanding of the changes and the impact so they are knowledgeable to answer questions. 
Sales - The consolidated funding and reporting feature could be a highlight feature for potential billers. With both RPPS and Fiserv being migrated, billers will enjoy a consolidated reporting and funding process which will improve their reconciliation process. Over the past several months, OBD match rates have also improved, further improving the OBD experience. New billers who elect to use the new OBD process may fall under the new pricing update. Sales will need to be engaged to understand how pricing will be handled for new billers and contract renewals.  
Implementation Team - The implementation team will be need to be involved to understand the changes that are being made to the OBD process and will need to identify the process documents which will require updates. 
Marketing Team - The Marketing team will be a critical piece to identifying the touch points and communications needed to prepare for the upcoming migration. We will need to communicate the changes, impact and actions needed for billers. 
Cass Bank - This is our new funding provider. Cass Bank will receive funds from RPPS & Fiserv. Cass will also receive funding instructions (for matched funds) from IC and will deposit into FBO.  Unmatched funds will remain in the FBO and will reject. We will be working closely with Cass Bank as we work through our testing and migration. Cass has agreed to accept funding from both RPPS and Fiserv. They will also be paying out to all Invoice Cloud billers and the PSN. 
RPPS - Our relationship with RPPS will change. RPPS is currently funding billers directly. With this new process, RPPS will send the funding to Cass Bank. We will need to provide funding instructions to Cass Bank to make payments to the billers. We will be working closely with RPPS as we create a migration and testing plan. 
Fiserv - Fiserv is currently funding billers directly for any OBD payments. We would like to migrate Fiserv to the same model as RPPS so we can provide a consolidated funding and reporting experience for our billers. If there is no change to the Fiserv model today, billers will be funded for transactions the next day, while RPPS transactions will be funding 1 day later. (The day delay occurs because RPPS will be funding to IC the next day, then IC/Cass will fund the day after). Fiserv confirmed they are willing to be part of this transition and deposit to Cass bank instead of to billers directly. We do need to understand and confirm the timeline expectations.  
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2411954186/OBD+Subpage+Problem+Alignment