Open Telemetry (OTEL)
What is OTEL?
OTEL provides a vendor and persistence-agnostic framework that allows for the collection and sampling of telemetry data from applications - i.e. metrics, logs, and traces.
OTEL provides the generation, collection, management, and export of telemetry in any environment, with any programming language, or any observability backend (New Relic, Datadog, Prometheus, etc.).
OTEL has a corresponding protocol (OTLP) describing how telemetry is encoded, transported, and delivered - this allows it to act as a universal mechanism of communication between systems.
How does it work? 
One of the core concepts of OTEL are 
Signals
 - put simply, these are the outputs containing 
traces
, 
logs
, or 
metrics 
and the metadata thereof. A codebase must be 
instrumented
 to output 
signals
Signals can be scoped and grouped together to create logging boundaries or correlation between multiple systems.
A 
Collector
 is used to offload the responsibility of telemetry handling
A source service provides signals to the collector and the collector handles any batching, sampling, filtering, or encryption necessary prior to importing data into the target observability platform.
An OTEL 
Context 
provides correlation between multiple systems and 
Context Propagation
 is used to correlate actions occurring between decoupled parts of a system 
For example, a message published from Service Bus can propagate its originating context to a consumer of the message and provide full traceability from the message origin to its downstream consumption (or even further propagation).
Major Benefits of Open Telemetry
Avoids vendor lock-in by allowing a decoupled way of interfacing with multiple observability platforms. Adoption of OTEL allows seamless migration between observability platforms, if necessary.
Standardized, easy-to-use SDK that allows for up-front registration of collection mechanisms, collectors, sampling options, and more - removes overhead by eliminating the need for lots of manual instrumentation on the part of developers.
Highly configurable - choose what & when to sample. OTEL allows setting a global sampling rate or more granular sampling control, if desired. This ensures that only information that is necessary is captured - reducing unnecessary noise, cost, and effort.
Resources
What is OpenTelemetry? | OpenTelemetry
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: The OpenTelemetry .NET Client
TODO
Provide overview of New Relic and how to integrate (Windows Servers Applications, k8s PODs)
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/3378315323/Observability