Observability 
describes the ability to measure a system’s state at a given point in time based on the output data that it generates. It is distinct from 
Monitoring
 in that it describes how easily the system can be investigated (or “observed”) while monitoring indicates some type of reactivity to observation - whether it be auto-scaling a service or triggering an alert. 
This data is typically grouped into what is known as “
The Three Pillars
” of Observability and includes:
Logs 
- Logs are large-format output data containing detailed records of system events. They can be in a structured or unstructured format.
Metrics 
- Metrics are numeric measurements related to performance or health (KPIs). These could be used to measure service latency, error rates, traffic volume, etc.
Traces
 - Traces provide tracking between services and illustrate end-to-end processes across multiple parts of a system.
Observability brings value by providing insight into the broader system, making it easier to maintain, troubleshoot, and align with business goals.
From a business perspective, Observability provides a means to measure KPIs that can be used to develop 
Service Level Objectives (SLOs)
 built from many 
Service Level Indicators (SLIs)
 - these are typically aligned with a company’s 
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
 it maintains with a customer.
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
 - Defines level of service to be expected by the customer on the part of the vendor.
Service Level Objective (SLO)
 - Defines an objective that must be met in order to meet the SLA.
Service Level Indicator (SLI)
 - Provides an indicator of service performance or health, one or more of these can be monitored wholistically to determine if the SLO is being met at any given time.
Typically, SLOs and SLIs are owned by a 
Site-Reliability Engineering
 (SRE) group who are responsible for the long-term health and performance tuning initiatives that occur in a system.
For a more real-world example, a company has the following SLA established with a customer
The company guarantees at least 99.9% availability of the system, or the customer will receive a cost reduction on their next billing cycle.
Three 9’s means that the system is only allowed 
8 hours, 46 minutes
 of total downtime 
per year - 
this means there is really only a budget for 
1.44 minutes downtime per week.
A fairly simple SLO could be just that - a service is only allowed 1.44 minutes downtime.
SLO = Service can only have 1.44 minutes downtime per week
So, in theory, how could that be met?
Example
Hypothetically, let’s assume that a service reaches peak volume early in the month during the late morning and early afternoon. It can be shown that latency increases drastically between the hours of 11am and 2pm - during this time block, things start to drag a bit. People are uploading files, changing configuration values in the system, running reports, etc. As the system starts to experience heavier load, latency will increase, and the possibility of service failure also increases.
The SRE team is able to determine all of these things based on the metrics, logs, and traces that are being sampled into the observability platform. As a result, they establish the following SLIs
Services must return a response to the end user within 600ms
Number of 429 errors must be below 5% of the overall traffic volume for a given period of time.
Using these two metrics above - the SRE team is able to put rules in place that look for sustained blocks of traffic 
violating the above SLIs
. Whenever one or both of these events have passed the actionable threshold - there will be an auto-scale event that occurs, producing another copy of the service so that it may handle the uptick in traffic from the additional user activity. 
Once the volume of activity has decreased - likely after 2pm - the system may scale back down again, ensuring that the system is only using what it needs and avoiding extra cost or maintenance effort from the additional infrastructure.
 URL:/spaces/EA/pages/4078141470/Observability+Site+Reliability+Engineering