 Date
 Participants
List meeting participants using their @ mention names
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
@ Fernando Cavazos Covarrubias
 
@X-Ruben Hernandez Arizmend
@Md Omar Faruque
@Christian Valdes
 Goals
Review Maturity Assessment Outcomes  
Discuss Possible Solutions 
 
Discussion
Meeting Highlights 
PM would make more inquiries on backlog items for better understanding in terms of relevance, prioritization and dependency management. This would enable smooth execution.  The triage meeting has been the forum for such inquiries, but ad hoc meetings can be scheduled with relevant stakeholders as needed to achieve this objective.
 To enhance the process, the team should have a clear understanding of how to effectively sequence work for execution. Work prioritization is based on Product Roadmap with change in business needs adapted as they arise
Team to utilize Definition of Ready, whereby stories are pulled into In-progress only after they meet definition of done. If the team cannot adequately size a story due to its complexity, a research story can be created to explore the story for better understanding 
Team to adopt story mapping for better sequencing/prioritization of work items. 
Review story mapping.                                                                  
Stories should meet Definition of Ready before being pulled into in-progress, this means: 
All stories must have clearly written description with acceptance criteria.
Team must discuss and create the acceptance criteria together to gain better understanding of the story.
Story must be small and meaningful enough to be completed in a couple of days, tested, and be delivered independently.                                                 
The User Story design and other relevant architectural requirements identified and discussed .
Any document to buttress teams understanding of the requirement should be attached. E.g Mock-ups                                                                             
Stories jointly estimated by the Team …….                                                                                                                                              
Team to review the Time In Status report to identify  outliers in cycle time at the end of Daily Kanban. This would create the constant awareness on the need to resolve bottlenecks for continuous improvement
Team to discuss implementation of Service Level Agreement
Team to conduct Retro bi-weekly as part of continuous improvement initiative
The Team should collaboratively groom every piece of work. Team members should collectively discuss, understand, and agree on the "How" aspect of each work item. This would enable flexibility during execution as any team member would be able to work on the next high-priority work item as soon as capacity becomes available.
Tech Lead to continuously ensure quick resolution of bottlenecks before they become blockers. Tech lead to work closely with the PM to ensure clarity on all work items with dependencies taken into consideration to reduce context switching . Team capacity should be considered and discussed with relevant stakeholders when assigning work to the team. This will enable better focus for the team, less tech debts, less rework and prevent team burnout.
Team determines how best to accomplish work and accountable for outcomes. 
Team internally decides who does what, when and how.
The team collaborates closely, and continuously to improve the development process. Overall, the team has all events scheduled. Events are productive. Execution process accelerated. Actively working to reduce development time by cutting waste in the process while building in quality.
Ongoing monitoring and tracking of completed stories towards Epic implementation cnot  in place currentl, this would be reviewed  by the team. Realease readiness checkpoints newly introduced . 
Team is empowered to make certain changes to some assets.  Team creates database items. Dependencies are managed on a case by case basis. Team to review dependency management at retro to identify areas of  improvement.
Team is not practicing ATDD but  plans to explore this practice to enhance code quality. This entails using Acceptance criteria to determine scenarios and expected behavior and code implemented to meet these criteria.
Team not practicing TDD at the moment but will endeavor to explore this engineering practice to enhance code quality 
Pair programming is practiced by the team intermittently but plans to make this a regular practice going forward to enhance code quality 
Architecture and design discussions do not happen proactively at regular frequency with architects and dev leads to address these aspects of optimal design and code. Team plans to improve on this aspect to accelerate  the delivery process 
Lots of manual testing. Limited automation. Some features are not fully configured in the lower environment,  Improvement is required in this area to accelerate the deployment process.
 Action items
Team to gradually action items discussed.




93


incomplete




 Decisions
Type /decision to record the decisions you make in this meeting:
a8f6c42c-505d-4dd6-bf32-208807f82508
c2ba5a44-0aa6-48a5-95cd-69f489ffa3b8
DECIDED
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/2868346884/October+24+Meeting