 Date
 Participants
List meeting participants using their @ mention names
 
 
 
 
 
 Goals
Review Maturity Assessment Outcomes  
Discuss Possible Solutions 
 
Discussion
Meeting Highlights 
Recurrent meetings to be scheduled for Daily Kanban, Retrospective and Grooming . Adhoc meetings to be scheduled as required 
 All Team members should be able to access the Daily Kanban meeting at the scheduled time when the host is not available
 Team should be able to facilitate the daily stand -up even if the current facilitator is not available. Any team member can volunteer to facilitate. Discussions should be on the progress of the tickets on the Team’s board and any challenges that is blocking flow with suggestions on solution.
A recurrent bi-weekly retrospective meeting should be scheduled by the team. All team members should attend retrospective meeting and also participate
Grooming is scheduled as recurrent once a week and additional ad hoc grooming can be scheduled as needed.
Stories should meet the Definition of Ready before being pulled into Inprogress . This means: 
All stories must have clearly written description with acceptance criteria.
The team must discuss and create the acceptance criteria together to gain better understanding of the story.
The story must be small and meaningful enough to be completed in a couple of days, tested, and be delivered independently.
Team to start practicing estimation to achieve predictability. Team to pay attention to through-put and should  check the cumulative diagram in Jira to balance work items in all the statuses of the team board.
Team to develop  the habit of checking the Time in Status to monitor the progress of work items. A quick check of Time in Status should be done at every Daily Kanban Meeting  
At the retrospective meeting, team should discuss both qualitative and quantitative aspects of the team’s work. In  addition to qualitative items, discuss quantitative items using Time in Status focusing on  cycle time, Inprogress and Leadtime.
Team to pay attention to work in progress to start finishing and stop starting. Ensure dependencies are highlighted and treated before tickets are pulled into In progress.
The team currently depends on Tony for work prioritization and review/ approval as part of definition of done. On this note, Kirtan to schedule weekly recurrent meeting with Tony for discussions to  enhance flow, reduce bottlenecks and ensure continuous availability of prioritized work in the backlog.
Team to consider implementing Service Level Agreement 
Team to use Definition of Ready and Definition of Done 
Team to cultivate the habit of walking the Team board and checking Time Status during daily stand up 
The team board should only be for active tickets and should reflect real time activities of the team
Only groomed  PBIs should be displayed in the Ready for Dev status of the team board  and Team members should be able to pull in work for execution once capacity is available 
Team memebers should monitor  and align the story points on a ticket with the age of the ticket on the team board to reduce waste and enhance speed of execution  
 Action items
Team to gradually action items discussed.




93


incomplete




 Decisions
Type /decision to record the decisions you make in this meeting:
a8f6c42c-505d-4dd6-bf32-208807f82508
c2ba5a44-0aa6-48a5-95cd-69f489ffa3b8
DECIDED
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/2864349236/October+19+Meeting