1
6
false
default
list
true
History
The InvoiceCloud Platform Team’s On-Call schedule is defined in the Teams area of Jira, it was previously in OpsGenie and was migrated to Jira Teams in late 2024.  
The Platform Team currently has 2 Teams defined:
Platform Operations
Platform Rollout
 
 
Each Team has unique On-Call Schedules which can be viewed by clicking the links below:
Platform Operations On-Call Schedule
Platform Rollout On-Call Schedule
 
 
The original idea was that the Platform Operation’s Team, when it was separate from the Platform Development Team, would handle normal day to day Alerts and the Development Team would have Alerts Subscribed to its Channel as new Infrastructure was rolled out and then after 2 to 4 weeks of new Infrastructure stabilization the Alerts Channel would be switched over to the Operations Team channel.
Note, we will need to make some updates to the On-Call Schedule regardless of how we move forward as we need to ensure the new Team Members and Leadership are accurately modeled into the On-Call Schedules.
Moving Forward
Do we want to keep this separation or just have an Operations Team that everyone is part of?
We will move to a single Team starting Q2 using the existing 
Platform Operations
 Team as that is where all the existing Alert Notifications are subscribed and everyone on the Team will be represented.  
We will add all people to the USA Schedule starting when 
 goes Paternal Leave in mid-February.
USA
People on Schedule
 
 
 
 
 Escalation Managers
 
 
India
People on Schedule
 
 
 
Escalation Managers
 
Time Split Schedule
USA: 9:30 AM Eastern Time to 9:30 PM Eastern Time
India: 8 AM India Time to 8 PM India Time
What is the plan/expectations for India Team being On-Call?
We do expect India team to have an on-call schedule and we can cover 12 hours for India and the other 12 hours for USA.
Do we want IVRT On-Call People in InvoiceCloud Jira?
Yes, we will get them in Jira in Q1
On-Call Alerting Channels
We use the 
Jira
 App as the main Pager mechanism, but Users can also go to 
this link
 to add more Notification Channels for themselves via the Jira Web UI.  The Alert Notification settings can also be managed in the Jira Mobile App once you download it and sign-in, go to the 
Notfications
 tab on the bottom of the App and then click the 
 icon in the top right of the 
Notifications
 view to pull up the 
Manage Notifications
 menu.  
Other Notification Channels include:
Email
SMS
Voice
Responsibilities during the Week you are On-Call
Open Incident Support
Responding to Alerts
See if there is any documentation on how to solve the issue whether you are familiar with it or not, if no Documentation create some if you are familiar with the issue.
If the On-Call Person is not familiar with the issue and there is no documentation, then it is their responsibility to find people on the Platform Team who can help and create Documentation concerning the resolution. 
If the Alert is determined to be a false alarm, then work to calibrate Alert Threshold or Alert NQRL or System causing the Alert.
INFRA Ticket Triage and Work
Look for open INFRA Tickets, especially as they come in, and work the INFRA Ticket if the On-Call User is familiar enough with what is being requested, if not assign it to some who is familiar and follow the INFRA Ticket to learn.
Test Engineer for PLAT Board Items
PLAT Items
How To Succeed
Acknowledge Alerts quickly then drive the investigation of the Alert, if that is something you can do yourself great, if not reach out on Slack or Text Message to Platform Team Members to begin the research effort.   
Use it as an opportunity to learn.
Use it as an opportunity to submit improvement requests either via INFRA Service Requests or work with 
 to create PLAT Epics/Stories.
Use is as an opportunity to document.
How to Fail
Not Acknowledging Alerts.
Acknowledge Alerts but not doing anything to follow up.
Not communicating with the Team about things you are observing.
Expectations
It will take time for us all to get good at On-Call.
It will be a learning journey for us all, not only about InvoiceCloud specific knowledge, but just the general operating procedure.  
We will continue to get better as a team over time.
If something real major happens, an Incident (INC) manager will create an official INC slack channel and triage call and get the needed SMEs together.
If you think you are getting an Alert for something major, immediately reach out to:
Platform Team Escalation Managers
 
 
 
If none of them are available, reach out to Incident Managers:
 
 
 
Access Requirements for On-Call
Follow these steps if you need to elevate your access: 
Using PIM to Activate an Entra Group
 and 
 please start documenting known access requirements here and how to setup for the following resources:
Azure Control Plane and Data Planes
PIM to 
users-platform-admins
 EntraID (AAD) Group when needed during the On-Call period.
Permamnent Group Membership in 
users-platform-engineers
.
Azure DevOps
PIM to 
users-platform-admins
 EntraID (AAD) Group when needed during the On-Call period.
Has 
ado-org-admins
Permanent Group Membership in 
users-platform-engineers
.
Has 
ado-org-contributors
AlienVault
ADDS
SkyBot
Cloudflare
NewRelic
 URL:/spaces/platform/pages/3912597505/On-Call+Documentation