 Solution Alignment
What is this project about?
Stratus has recently been updated with key enhancements:
[2.5.0.0] Local Encryption:
 In response to security issues at biller locations (unrelated to InvoiceCloud or any of it’s systems/services), we updated the Stratus client to encrypt local logs and local configuration elements, and render them unreadable/unusable by bad actors.
[2.6.0.0] Auto-Compression:
 The Stratus Client will automatically compress and archive files before sending, to reduce the amount of transfer overhead, particularly when sending many small files.  This has been selectively rolled out to the billers most in need, and has resulted in a reduction of 96% in out of memory exceptions.
[2.7.0.0] Auto-Updater:
 The Stratus Client will periodically call home and check for newer versions of itself.  If it finds a newer version, it will download and install it without the biller or CS needing to do anything.  For technical details, see: 
Stratus Auto Update
 
This rollout one-pager is to outline the process of manually pushing out the latest Stratus version as the last time we’ll need to push out a Stratus update manually.
Why are we doing it?
Currently many of our billers are dependent on us for making updates to their local Stratus clients.  They do not have the technical abilities to update/install Stratus.  Not only does it look bad for a SaaS company like InvoiceCloud to be requiring it’s customers to manually update software, but it’s also a major drag on our customer and dev support teams to manage these rollout efforts (so much, in fact, that it typically doesn’t happen (for example: Stratus v2.5.0.0 has been available for over a year and only 11% of billers are using it)).
What does success look like?
 Cat/Shaun confirmed they are comfortable with these goals as of 6/7/22
Metric
Current
Goal
Billers upgraded to Stratus 2.7.0.1 by end of 
Q4 2022
0%
 (0/348)
70%
 (244/348)
Billers upgraded to Stratus 2.7.0.1 by end of 
Q2 2023
0%
 (0/348)
95%
 (331/348)
Achieve upgrades with minimal failure rate
<2%
 billers experiencing upgrade-related issues
Stratus version distribution, May 2022
 Impacted Stakeholders
Billers
There are 348 installed instances of Stratus across 347 billers (Harwich Water Department has two installs).  The full list of billers can be found by running the Stratus Comm Report in the CRM.  As part of ITR 19833, this report has been updated to include the Stratus Version, so we can use this report to track upgrade progress.
 Schedule Structure
Milestone
Description
Target Date
Status
Identify beta billers
Beta billers should be IC-friendly billers with a history of limited or no issues with the IC platform and Stratus client.  Being technically savvy is a plus.  Also, variety is preferred (workstation vs server, admin vs non-admin user, etc) if possible.  Need assistance from Shaun/CS in identifying these billers.  First potential candidate is Ellensburg (BID 592).  We’d like to get 5 beta billers.
BID 592 Ellensburg - first! (
SF case 90404
)
BID 2538 City of West Jordan
BID 1684 Portsmouth OH
BID 1220 Town of Orleans
BID 2180 Reading Area Water Authority
BID 1153 Town of Bridgewater
BID 2654 Parker Water & Sanitation District
BID 1152 Arlington (maybe not because of adjustment issues)
 
to let Cat know who to reach out to for tech issues
Per discussion with Cat, we will use the Service Updates contacts for this communication.
 
COMPLETED
Green
 
Communicate to beta billers
Introduction email will be sent by Ryan (Product) to explain to beta biller candidates what Stratus updates are forthcoming, what a beta means, and what we need from them.  Shaun/CS will be copied on all communication.  Ryan will track responses and reach out to more candidates based on declines or non-responses.
 
COMPLETED
Green
 
Upgrade beta billers
Shaun to coordinate and assist installs with beta billers over the course of a week.  We will validate the proper version is installed using the Stratus Comm Report.  Once updated, the version should show as 2.7.0.0.
 Cat/Shaun validated they are comfortable with this timeline
 
COMPLETED
Green
 
Publish & validate auto-update
Once all beta installs are complete, Ryan will work with IT to publish a new version of Stratus (no changes, just an updated version file to trigger the auto-update feature to kick in).
Work to complete:
Build new 2.7.1 version of client
Update stratus site with latest html/xml
Requisition new subdomain 
stratuspreview.invoicecloud.com
Update the pipelines with new subdomain, but basically ready
Manually push client artifacts to preview
Use pipeline to auto push website artifacts to preview
When all else is done, push artifacts to prod
We will validate the new versions are communicating in a timely manner and updating they’re performing the auto-update by Stratus Comm Report.  If there any issues, we will coordinate a troubleshooting call with the biller, CS, and IT.  If no issues, beta is complete.
 Do we want the biller to validate the version on their side as well
 No, this isn’t necessary
 Do we want beta biller(s) to provide a quote/testimonial to include in communication to rest of billers?
 Yes, we want to get this if possible
 
Not Yet STarted
Red
 
Send out mass communication
Once beta is complete, Ryan will work with Marketing to send out information to all remaining billers.
Communication will contain:
Overview of benefits of new Stratus
Instructions on how to upgrade
Docs is here
, but may need to be updated, 
 to validate
Link to calendar system for if they need assistance
Calendly
, 
Acuity, YouCanBook.Me
 Shaun, is there a preferred tool/method here?
 Yes, we’ll use Calendly.  Shaun/Cat will work on getting this set up.
 Do we feel comfortable that a calendar tool will help smooth the support load, or do we feel it necessary to do this in phases?
 Yes
 Is there value in prioritizing problematic billers first in a phase approach?
 TBD
 
Not Yet STarted
Red
 
Work through upgrade queue
Timeline for this is unknown until we see the response rate on the first communication.
 Are there opportunities to supplement Shaun to expedite the process?
 Likely not necessary, we’ll address this if it arises
Not Yet STarted
Red
 
Possible second phase
TBD if necessary
Not Yet STarted
Red
 
Biller
Contacts
Original Version
Manually Updated
Auto Updated
BID 592 Ellensburg
N/A
2.4.0.0
 
Updated 10.20.2022 to 2.7.01
BID 2538 City of West Jordan
 
tyler.aitken@westjordan.utah.gov
2.4.0.0
 
Rolled back 
 
BID 1684 City of Portsmouth
 
cweghorst@portsmouthoh.org
2.4.0.0
 
Updated 10.20.2022 to 2.7.01
BID 1220 Town of Orleans
 
swalker@town.orleans.ma.us
2.5.0.0
Declined 
 
BID 2180 Reading Area Water Authority
 
suzanne.ruotolo@readingareawater.com
2.4.0.0
Declined 
 
BID 1153 Town of Bridgewater
 
psproule@bridgewaterma.org
2.5.0.0
BID 2654 Parker Water & Sanitation District
 
gfittje@pwsd.org
 
billing@pwsd.org
2.4.0.0
 
Updated 10.20.2022 to 2.7.01
BID 1152 Arlington
(maybe not because of adjustment issues)
mbeck@town.arlington.ma.us
dsheehan@town.arlington.ma.us
2.6.0.0
 Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
No impact on boarding
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?




1


incomplete


 will reach out to Sales to see if they think this has any impact on sales materials




Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
No impact on marketing
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?




2


incomplete


 will work with Training team




Implementations
Changes to questionnaire




3


incomplete


 to check with IMs to see what impact there may be




Delivery
Set up and Enablement
No impact on delivery, install remains the same, becomes one-time event
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
This one-pager is the GTM plan
Support
Biller questions and support




4


incomplete


 to work with support team for questions




Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
No impact on legal
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
No impact on reconciliation
Security, Compliance
Are there potential security, audit, or compliance ramifications?
One security item being addressed in this rollout
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2265251841/One-Pager+Stratus+Auto-Updater+Rollout