Note: We will also use this study to gather feedback on phase 1 changes to the search results page. We learned that we must account for the scenario where the invoice number column is not configured in the invoice table (according to 
data gathered
, this is the case for 14% of invoice types). We need to verify whether users can still identify a means to view their invoice.
Background
Following the usability test done around the invoice search experience 
(research findings)
, we found that users did not know how to distinguish an open vs closed invoice on the search results page. This directly impacts user adoption, making it difficult for users to proceed paying an invoice.
Business Problem
By improving the invoice search experience, we will convert more payers and increase overall adoption by simplifying the search process and making it very clear what is owed/how to pay the invoice that is due. This would contribute to our internal goal of achieving 54.5% adoption by the end of 2025.
User Problem
The search results table displays open AND closed invoices together creating confusion for users around which invoice they need to pay.
50% of payers clicked "view invoice" expecting to continue with their payment ​
50% of payers did not understand the "Add Selected Invoices" CTA ​
Mobile scenario: after selecting an invoice, the action to add to cart isn't visible at all
Goals
Identify the most intuitive design solution by conducting unmoderated research to test the proposed design solution.
Research Questions
Does the user understand how to find an open invoice?
Does the user understand how to find a paid invoice?
Does the user understand how to view an invoice using the kebab or the eye icon?
Do users understand how to find actions within a kebab menu?
In the payer portal: Does the user understand how to use the kebab menu?
Does the user understand how to schedule a payment reminder?
Does the user understand how to view the payment history for a closed invoice?
Hypothesis
We believe that users will click the tabs and the eye icon to switch between open and closed invoices and view invoices.
So if we update the table UI, users will move through the payment flow faster.
Then we will see an increase in users clicking to “pay” in less time.
Methodology
Unmoderated online study
760
An email invitation to participate in an online study will go out to 3,000 payer research panel users. This test will be conducted on mobile devices. When participants click the study link, they will be taken to the study environment and will read instructions and answer an opening questionnaire. Participants’ actions and responses to task-related questions will be recorded and analyzed. The study will require a 5-minute effort, and we expect about 10 people to complete it.
Success Metric: 
An average of above 4 out of 5 on the ease of use scale 
95% task completion rate (under 2 attempts)
Participants
Participants Types:
Internal folks
Product Channel
Cat, Anita, Pete, Palash or Anoop or Nitish 
Choose someone from: 
Operations person
Adoption team
Executive Team
Design Team
Select billers
Payers who have a good track record with great question
Friends and family
General payers
Targeted Themes
Usability 
CSTAT
Schedule
Stage
Date
Status
Finish Setting Up Test
Sept. 2-4
Complete
Green
 
Internal Sessions
Sept. 5
in progress
Yellow
Internal Results Revisions
Sept. 8
NOT STARTED
Red
Payer Sessions
Sept. 9-12
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Slide Deck
Oct. 6-10
NOT STARTED
Red
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Set the stage and outline tasks
During this session, you will be given a couple of tasks to finish. Guidelines:
You will need to share your screen and click through a prototype (this is an in-progress design, so not everything will be fully functional. It's something that we are actively working on. In the case where you encounter something that doesn't work, you can tell us what you expected to happen.)
During the activities, talk me through your actions and your thought processes out loud. This is really important because I can't read your mind and I want to know what you like/don't like or understand.
You won’t need to enter any payment information, it will all be pre-populated, so you will not have to enter any of your information.
Does the user understand how to make a payment to an invoice? 
Let’s start with paying just one bill.
For this test, assume your name is 'Taylor Smith.' Say out loud how you would pay your bill. 
When you see the page that says your payment went through, you’re all done with this task and can click 'End Task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to view an invoice? 
Now let's look at a bill.
Say out loud where you would click to look at the details of your bill. 
When you can see the bill, you're done with this task and can select 'End task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to find a paid invoice?
Find out how much you paid for last month’s bill.
Say out loud where you would click to find your past payments. 
Once you see your past invoices you can click 'End Task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Identify successful patterns, pain points, and solution strengths
Compared to other times you’ve paid for something online, was this:
Easier
About the same
Harder
Did anything happen that you didn’t expect or that made things confusing?
What worked well? Was there anything you liked?
Is there anything else you want to tell us?
(You can look through the prototype again if you want.)
Understand user persona
What is your age?
18-24
25-34
35-44
45-54
55-64
65+
Understand user persona
What type of bills do you typically pay with InvoiceCloud?
Water
Tax
Insurance
Utilities
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4624121857/Open+Closed+Invoices+UX+Research+Plan