 Problem Alignment
Problem Alignment
InvoiceCloud currently has a confusing and inconsistent registration process. This limitation on our payer site prevents higher adoption rates for auto-pay, the metric linked most directly to retention and satisfaction. In order to compete in the industry, we need to update the UI and workflow around customer registration, which will result in greater adoption of online payments, autopay, paperless, and pay-by-text. 
 Supporting Research
Supporting Research
The main 
two ways people are registering
 are:
on the launch page clicking register in the top nav
After finding their invoicing and selecting it on the search results page
An average of 
98% of first time users 
do not complete either registration funnel while processing their first payment.
Based on the data in Pendo, registration is directly tied to 
more frequent payments, retention, and adoption.
 At the moment, registration is being adopted by 
less than 20%
 of users.
Registered users 
make 3% more payments a month
 than those who aren't registered.
If registration goes up only 1%, it has the potential to significantly boost the IC payments received. In the last 12 months, $24,771,800,309 were paid towards invoices.
To calculate the potential increase in income if the registration rate increases by 1%, you would multiply the total payments received in the last 12 months by the product of the increase in payments made by registered users (3%) and the increase in registered users (1%).
Here's the calculation:
$24,771,800,309 * 3% * 1% = $7,431,540.09
So, if you can increase your registered users to 21% from the current 20%, you could potentially 
increase your income by approximately $7,431,540.09.
Registration also impacts retention of customers. Registered users have a 
1% higher retention rate
. This means if a user registers they are more likely to continue using IC to make payments.
Registered users are using key features exponentially more than unregistered users. 
AutoPay: registered users are using autopay at a 
4% higher rate
 than unregistered users
Paperless: registered users are signing up for paperless at a 
3% higher rate
 than unregistered users
Pay-by-text: registered users are using pay-by-text at a 
1% higher rate
 than registered users
Autopay users are making payments 
over 50% more often
 than non-autopay users. Last year, 
autopay payments generated 
$6,852,666,222
. 13.4% of total users use autopay. 
Currently, 5% of our registered users are using autopay. With a user base of 5.6 million unique users per month (according to Pendo), a 1% increase in user registration would result in an increase of autopay users by 0.05%, which translates to around 2,800 new autopay users.
Given the current average invoice amount of $181.75 for autopay, calculated from last year’s autopay-generated payments of $6,852,666,222 divided by the total number of autopay invoices (37,703,647) these new autopay users could potentially generate significant additional revenue. If registration goes up by 1%, resulting in the addition of 2,800 autopay users, there would be an
 increase of $508,900 in revenue with each registration percentage gain.
Over the last 4 years, 286 feedback tickets have been submitted concerning the registration process. 
View user feedback on the registration process here.
 Objective
Objective
The objective of this project is to capitalize on driving customer registration, which leads to a 
3% increase in payment
 frequency, 
4% increase in autopay adoption (resulting in 0.75% increase in payment frequency)
, and 
3% increase in paperless adoption
. This could be accomplished by introducing new registration UX in the current payment flow and updating the current registration UI on the payer site.
🔎 Research Plan
Research Plan
Phase One
At the moment, registration is not being tracked in the CRM. We are not able to view correlation between customer satisfaction and having an account. 
Set up tracking for how many people are registered in CRM or Tableau
Gather qualitative data (surveys/support tickets)
Phase Two
After a solution is decided upon, the following user testing is needed:
Unmoderated user testing with a first click test to understand potential impact of UI changes on registration rates
Moderated user testing to ensure people can easily and intuitively register their invoice
 Target Audience
Target Audience
Group
Impact
Billers
Billers who have low registration numbers
Payers
Payers who are not registered
 Success Metrics
Success Metrics 
Goal
Metric
Current
Good
Great
Users can intuitively sign up for an IC account
increase registration among all users
20%
23%
30%
Increase AutoPay adoption among IC payers
increase AutoPay adoption percentage
17.9%
21%
30%
Increase Paperless adoption among IC payers
increase Paperless adoption percentage
30%
32%
40%
Increase IC payment adoption
increase payment amount
48%
51%
55%
 User Interaction and Design
User Interaction
Based on my competitive analysis, we are missing some key opportunities to drive user registration:
New UX (see competitive analysis)
Automatically register users
Payment Review page
Payment Confirmation email
Adding sign in/sign up/guest decision into payment flow
Updated UI:
Update UI on Register Selected Invoices
replacing the inaccessible orange link button with an accessible secondary button means ADA compliance and easier to use
Registration pages from both access points consistent
Runner-Up Solution (see competitive analysis):
Add Sign in page into payment flow
 Competitive Analysis
Competitive Analysis
Key Takeaways:
Minimum Registration updates needed to compete in the industry:
ADA Accessible Buttons
Always displaying Sign In or Sign Up button in top nav
No matter where the user enters the registration process the screen should be consistent
Emails can only be for one account with the ability to link accounts under the same email
Competitive Opportunities:
Automatically Register users during their first payment
builds trust because someone else cannot register their account after the first payment
Alternative
: Key features (autopay, pay-by-text, and paperless) would automatically sign up users
allows users to edit their decisions, payment methods for autopay, etc.
Add a toggle or check mark to the payment page to “save information for next time”
default state=yes
allows an intuitive way to register and illustrates the benefit of not having to enter in payment information each time
At the beginning of the payment flow, present a screen to sign in, sign up, or continue as a guest
 Components Impacted
Components
Component
Impact
Example UI
Registration Form
Updating the UX to be the same form if you click register in the top nav, on the sign up page, or through register selected invoices
Payment Review Page
Adding a checkbox that is already checked to register account OR
Displaying a password input when the user signs up for any key features (Paperless, AutoPay, Pay-by-Text)
Allows the user to edit their own settings after completing the payment
Email
Adding a registration CTA to the Payment confirmation email
Registration Parameters
Only allow one email per account - force linking of accounts with the same email
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3102048263/Optimizing+Registration+Driving+Payments+Auto-Pay+Paperless+Adoption+Retention