General
As part of early implementation discussions, make sure to point out that the client will need to have test data in their non-prod environment to use during UAT testing. There is a line item in the project schedule for this, but be sure to put emphasis on this early on so the client can prepare the test data ahead of UAT.
Technical
What is required by Transcard in order to generate 
UAT
 API credentials?
IC IM/PM must provide Transcard with the up-to-date Implementation Checklist and UI, Email, and SMS template file approved by the biller. This is required for Transcard to set up the product on their side.
What is required by Transcard in order to generate 
PROD
 API credentials?
IC IM/PM must provide Transcard with the up-to-date Implementation Checklist and UI, Email, and SMS template file (if different from UAT) approved by the biller. This is required for Transcard to set up the product on their side.
In order for Prod credentials to be generated by Transcard, the biller’s SMART Enroll account needs to be filled out/completed including banking info and compliance approval.
Banking
Make sure that the biller/integrator has both the Mock Bank and actual client bank Origination Account Reference ID (OARID) so they can configure accordingly on their end. The Mock Bank OARID will be used during preliminary testing, but once Bank API connectivity and/or funds flow testing occurs, the actual bank OARID will be used.
If possible, see if the biller or their bank representative can provide a test bank account that could be used in UAT and/or PROD to validate that the API-based integration between Transcard and the bank is working as expected.
Common issues that arise during bank testing:
The biller’s bank rejects an ACH or RTP request
This may be due to invalid API credentials being used by Transcard to facilitate the funds flow. Make sure that the bank credentials provided to Transcard are valid. They will likely be shared with the biller not IC directly, so it will be up to them to ensure they are providing the correct details if the bank isn’t working directly with Transcard.
This could also be an issue with the integration itself that will require Transcard and the bank to come together to resolve. It’s best to build buffer into live funds flow testing timeframe to account for potential integration issue resolution.
In the event the biller’s funding model is the blended Open Banking/FBO model (see 
Paper Checks
 and 
Banking
) their bank must support RTP in order for Transcard to transfer funds real-time from the biller’s bank account into the respective Florida Capital issuance account checks, Virtual Cards, and Push to Debit. If there is an issue with the bank’s RTP API and funds aren’t available in the Florida Capital account at the time the payment is issued, it will fail.
Go-Live Prep
Inform Transcard of key milestone dates and keep them abreast of any changes to the dates throughout the project.
When UAT testing and Prod funds flow testing dates/timelines are firm, reach out to Transcard (no later than 2 weeks in advance) to secure support resources from their side during these periods of time. Given IC doesn’t have access to Transcard logs, you’ll need to rely on Transcard to pull and review logs and help with troubleshooting. Transcard will also likely need to make changes/tweaks on the backend to fix any issues that arise during testing.
As part of UAT and Prod, be sure to test reminder notifications and token expiration. You’ll need to review the email, SMS, and UI templates with the client to get their approval/signoff prior to official go-live.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4643717123/Outbound+Payments+Best+Practices+Things+To+Prepare+For