Target Audience
Implementation Managers, Project Managers
Trainer
Training Videos location:
Here are IC’s internal resources:
Outbound Demo
Training Agenda
Table of Contents
none
Biller Walkthrough - Talk Track
The purpose of this document and videos is to give you a list of talking points to address when showing the whitelabeled Transcard system to a client. This walkthrough will occur after the Implementation Manager completes testing.
General guidance:
Check your initial discovery analysis of the client. Review the opportunity in Salesforce and the “pain points” that made the client sign with IC.
Your walkthrough should emphasize how IC is solving the pain and how we are delivering what we promised.
SMART Disburse Initiation and Payment Selection
Start with initiating a SMART Disburse payment:
Using the Postman collection specific to the biller, initiate a test payment based on one of their use cases (e.g., claims payment, agent commission, premium refund). It’s best to initiate the payment in Postman prior to the walkthrough call so the email notification is already in your inbox.
NOTE: As part of the initial set up for the biller, Transcard will provide API credentials. IC SE should add them into a Postman collection with the biller-specific use cases built out and provide to the biller’s technical team
Then, walk through the SMART Disburse workflow:
Open the SMART Disburse email and display to the biller. Quickly remind them of the different components of the email that may be relevant to the biller (e.g., logo, expiration date, contents of email body)
Click on the “
Get Started
” button. The SMART Disburse webpage will open in your default browser
Depending on the use case you’re demoing, click through and explain each of the following steps in the payment workflow:
Click on the “
Get Started
” button to begin
Input the security question answers for your payment (included in the “
securityQuestions
” field within your API request in Postman)
View, Approve, and Accept the documents attached to the payment (included in base64 format within the “
documents
” field within your API request in Postman)
Provide signature for payment (if required)
Click on the “Message”, “Expiration”, and “Full Details” links to show the biller the contents of each field. These would have been approved by the biller and configured as part of setup prior to this session
Select a payment method
Fill out the necessary details for the respective payment method
Accept the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy by checking the two checkboxes at the bottom of the screen
Complete the payment (NOTE: user can ‘Save the Card’ details and add to Apple wallet (US option only)
Copy the “
Client Payment Reference ID
” to search for in the SMART Hub Tutorial
You’ll receive a payment confirmation email that looks like this:
SMART Hub Tutorial
SMART Hub API User Guide
Go to SMART Hub homepage: 
https://invoicecloud.smart-hub.com/
Point out what the user will see on the dashboard:
Payment Metrics for:
Total number of payments in progress/details
Total value payments in progress/details
Number of payment exceptions/details
Bills/Payables
Vendors
Cards Manager
Invoices/Receivables (A/R) - not in scope for IC clients, this is TC’s inbound solution
Customers (A/R)
Settings
User Management
Payment Workflow
Help from Transcard
SMART Suite Knowledge Base
Transcard Contact Information
Bills/Payables
In the Bills/Payables tab, a user will be able to see all bills in multiple statuses:
Ready to Pay
 – A bill will only be displayed in this column if it was cancelled via an API call or from the ‘In progress’ column in SMART Hub:
The bill details can be displayed by clicking on the blue arrow on the left of the amount of bill:
In Progress – A bill will be displayed in this column when a payment is initiated via an API call and will display in ‘Processing’ status.
If a payment has not been processed a user can cancel the payment via API call or in SMART Hub:
The bill details can be displayed by clicking on the blue arrow to the left of the amount to expand:
Cancel Payment
A user can cancel a SMART Disburse payment from the “
In Progress
” column in SMART Hub, to do this follow the steps below:
Go to “
In progress
” column
Locate bill user would like to cancel payment for
Click on “
Cancel Payment
” on the right next to the payment status
Click on “
Cancel Payment
” to confirm cancellation
Bill will be removed from the “
In Progress
” column and display in the “
Ready to Pay
” column as “
Unprocessed
”
User will not be able to resend this bill from the SMART Hub, must be sent from a new API call
Paid
 – A bill will be displayed in this column once the recipient has accepted payment
To expand and see bill details click on the blue arrow on left of the bill amount
Exceptions
 – Bills will display in this tab. Payments can fail due to several reasons:
Token expired
Token revoked
Exhausted attempts to answer security question(s)
Document(s) disputed
Token revoked by API
Search/ Filter
Search – The search functionality can be used to locate specific bills, payees, amounts, etc. To search for a specific item:
Click in ‘Search’ text box
Input at least 3 characters
Results – All items that contain the characters input in search text box will display for each status
The status selected prior to the search will be highlighted and display first, to find items in other statuses for search, click on that status:
Filter – The filter functionality can also be used to find a specific bill, payee, payment type, etc. To filter for a specific item:
Click on the dropdown arrow on the ‘Filter’ button
Check all items to filter on and click ‘Apply’
Select a status to see the item in each column
Vendors
In the Vendors tab, a list of all associated vendors will display (users must have proper user management permission):
Cards Manager
In the Cards Manager tab, a user with the proper permission can create, edit and delete SMART Cards (virtual card) and add linked cards:
Settings
Under settings, a user will be able to access User Management to add, edit, delete Users and Roles.
User Management
Please see additional guides below:
SMART Hub User Management Guide
SMART Hub Permissions Guide
The business administrator will need to create/add users/roles to give access to other users.
Power BI
SMART Disburse Power BI Reporting
Power BI Guide - SMART Disburse
SMART Disburse Dashboard in Power BI
The SMART Disburse Dashboard provides a high-level overview of program activity
On the Dashboard page, you can find the number of disbursements submitted and the breakdown of the statuses of all payments.
Also, we provide a breakdown of vehicle selection, funds distribution per payment vehicle as well as the feedback rating of the user experience. The feedback rating is drawn from a survey the payee is presented and asked to complete, if they wish, at the end of their disbursement journey.
Example of Feedback provided on the Recipient Details field. See below for an example of where this can be found:
Smart Disburse Details Page
SMART Disburse Details
 page provides a more granular view of individual disbursements. The image below is an overall view of the Details page.
The 
Disbursements Details
 section at the top provides details of individual SMART Disbursements. 
Disbursement ID – Unique ID generated when the Disbursement is submitted
Client Payment Reference ID – Unique ID created by the issuer and passed through via the Payables API
Product ID – static ID which identifies the specific client the disbursement was created under
The Disbursement Amount is the total payment amount
The number of recipients (either single or multiple payees)
Created On Date – Date the disbursement was submitted
Effective On Date – Date the payment was sent to the payee to be completed
Expires On Date – Date the payment will expire. Please keep in mind, if the expire date is set to a past date the entire payment will fail
The status of the disbursement (Pending, Completed, Expired, Revoked)
Pending Endorsement – Payee has not yet completed the disbursement
Completed – Payee has selected a payment vehicle and completed the payment
Expired – Payee did not complete the disbursement and payment token has expired
Revoked – The issuer has revoked the payment token
The 
Recipient Details
 section in the middle provides details specific to the individual payee by disbursement.
Disbursement ID (also visible on the Disbursement Details field)
Recipients ID – ID created for each individual payee, whether single party or multi-party
Delivery Email Address – Email address provided by the payee to the issuer that the payment token is sent to
Delivery Phone number – Phone number provided by the payee to the issuer that the payment token is sent to (if applicable)
Payment Account ID – Unique ID created for each individual payee when the disbursement is initially created
Account Holder ID - Unique ID created for each individual payee when the disbursement is initially created
Allocation Amount – The amount paid out to each individual payee (either single party or multiparty, if applicable)
Payment Competed/Payment Status – Identified whether the payment has been completed or not and the status of Payment
Feedback Rating/Feedback Message – Provides the rating and feedback, if any, provided by the payee at the end of the payment journey.
The 
Payment Details
 section at the bottom provides details specific to the individual payment for each payee
Disbursement ID
Recipients ID
Payment ID
Payment Amount
Payment Status
Payment Date – Date and time the payment was completed by the payee
Payment Vehicle Type – Specific Payment Vehicle selected by the payee (ACH, Virtual Card, MC Send, Real Time Payment etc.)
Funds Flow Reporting Guide
FBO/Funding Account Report in Power BI
Funds Flow Reporting Guide
The purpose of this document is to provide a comprehensive guide on how to use the Funds Flow Report in Power BI. This report details all funding account activities, including credits and debits, and allows users to select different entities and date ranges to view transactions. The document aims to help users understand how to navigate and utilize the various tables and features within the report to manage and analyze their financial transactions effectively.
The Funds Flow Report provides all funding account activity, credits and debits.
The tables above will allow the user to select from different entities under the select product dropdown. Individual entities will only have access to their individual products. By selecting a date range, the tables will populate all transactions during the selected time frame.
The tables labeled “Credits” and “Debits” will show all transactions into and out of individual payee accounts as well as the product funding account.
The “Period Starting and Ending Balance” table will show the Funding Account Balance throughout the selected dates.
The “Funds Flow transaction activity” table (shown above) will list all credits and debits from the funding account. All payments created for individual payees will be listed here at the time the payment is completed. If a payment expires and a check is issued as a fallback payment method, those transactions will be listed as well.
Payment Account ID:
 ID generated by Transcard when a payment is created. The funding account has a specific payment account ID. Each individual payee will also have a unique payment account ID.
Transaction Date:
 Date the payment is completed. Please note: This is NOT the date the payment was created. No transactions will populate under this table until payment is completed either by the payee completing the payment or the payment expiring and a check being issued.
Transaction Type:
 Indicates the type of transaction (credit or debit).
Transaction Description:
 Description is generated by Transcard which includes the Bill Reference ID. The Bill Reference ID matches the same value in SMART Hub.
Transaction Amount:
 Payment Amount.
Name:
 Name of the payment account. Can either be the name of the funding account product or the payee's name.
Payment Account Type:
 The type of payment account will either be the product funding account or the individual payee account.
All fields within the reporting can be filtered by either selecting the filters located on the righthand side of the report (shown below) or by exporting the data to an excel file and filtering there.
Use Cases:
Finance Teams: 
Monitor funding activity and reconcile payee transactions.
Product Managers:
 Analyze product-level funding flows and performance.
Auditors:
 Review historical balances and transaction trails for compliance.
Exporting Data to Excel:
 An Excel file can be created by selecting the 3 dots in the upper right-hand corner of the transaction detail table. The following options will be shown. Export data lets users generate an Excel file containing all transaction details from the table.
Exporting Data to Excel
To export transaction details from the Funds Flow Report in Power BI:
Locate the Transaction Detail Table
Navigate to the table containing the transaction data you wish to export.
Access More Options
In the upper right-hand corner of the transaction detail table, select the three dots (...) to open the options menu.
Select Export Data
Click on Export data from the dropdown menu.
Choose Export Format
Select 
Data with Current Layout
 to generate an Excel file that matches the data viewable in the Transaction Table.
Download and Open
The Excel file will be downloaded to your device. Open the file to view and filter all transaction details as needed.
Tip: You can further filter or analyze your exported data in Excel to support reconciliation, reporting, or audit activities.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4425056257/Outbound+Payments+Demo+Walkthrough