Playbook
Outbound Campaign Implementation Set Up Guide
Contents
2
Summary 
Outbound Campaigns (OC) are a way for billers to send customized email, voice, and text communications to their payers. The use cases include Covid notifications, changing hours, shut off notifications, and any other reason they have to reach out to payers outside of our current email templates. 
A detailed description of the solution available to clients can be found here: 
Compass Broadcast Suite Guide
 The FCC has begun considering changes to eliminate unlawful text messages (SPAM). IVR Tech implemented changes in 2023 enforcing the verification and opt-in requirements.
Billers access the solution through a page in the biller portal under Products>Outbound Campaigns. ﻿
note
Steps


Steps


Steps
Information
Documentation
1
Enable OC product in CRM and access Compass Broadcast initially from the Biller portal.
Enable = CRM>BID>Products>Outbound Campaigns>Create and Active>Save
Access = Biller Portal>Products>Outbound Campaigns>Manage My Campaigns
2
Confirm modalities with Biller.
Download and send the “Outbound Campaigns specific email” linked in the Smartsheet project schedule which addresses all information the Biller will need to determine their required modalities and asks them to provide the needed information for activation of the OC product. 
Make sure to download and attached the current versions of the following files: 
Broadcast SMS Regulations
Compass Broadcast Suite Guide
Outbound SMS Text Biller Questionnaire
Outbound Campaigns Consent Language
Review the email before sending to ensure it is specific to you and your Biller.
Voice campaigns require no additional wait time and can begin use immediately.
Download guides here: 
Outbound Campaigns Email Attachments
Broadcast SMS Regulations
Compass Broadcast Suite Guide
Outbound SMS Text Biller Questionnaire
Outbound Campaigns Consent Language
Template (Sample) Email
3
Send email to IVR Support for OC activation.
Email to IVR Tech 
support@ivrtechnology.com
 for OC activation and include:
Let IVR Tech know we have enabled the product on our end and accessed it for the first time.
Provide BID and GUID for Biller.
Specify if the Biller wants to use voice, email and/or SMS text.
Provide the email address(es) the Biller will be using to send email campaigns (if using email). Please Note: Billers must own the domain that they are sending email from.  Billers are unable to use extensions such as @gmail.com, @outlook.com and cannot use invoice Cloud's domain.
Provide SMS Text TFN Registration Excel form and Opt-In/consent screenshot (or PDF) of the Biller opt-in language (if using SMS).
TFN Registration
 
4
For Email campaigns IVR Tech will perform domain authentication which will take approximately 1-2 weeks. The domain authentication process is broken out into three steps on the Smartsheet project schedule.
 
Once the domain authentication is complete, IVR Tech will send IC the 3 CNAME records which will include the HOST and VALUE. These need to be shared with the customer who will then update the DNS records for those domains.  See example:
﻿Biller’s IT team will use these CNAME values, to associate their domain name with these values.
The Biller will need confirm to IC the DNS records are set up and have propagated.
DNS = Domain Name System: it is used to point an incoming website domain toward the IP address of the server.
IC will let IVR Tech know the biller has propagated the DNS records and IVR tech will then initiate domain verification. 
If all is well IVR Tech will let IC know the Biller can add these email addresses to their Compass Broadcast account and begin sending emails.
IC will relay this to the Biller.
If the verification fails, IVR Tech would reach out to the customer directly to help them fix their DNS records.
IC will communicate to the Biller they can now begin using Email campaigns.
5
For SMS Text campaigns, IVR Tech will need to begin the verification process with the FCC/Carrier, which can take approximately 30 days but up to 60 days. The verification process is broken into three steps on the Smartsheet project schedule.
IVR Tech will provision the Sender ID (a.k.a. Longcode) for the Biller and provide this to IC. 
IC will note the Sender ID in the Integration Summary and eventually provide to the Biller. 
This Sender ID will auto-populate in Compass Suites and shows as the number text messages are being sent from.
**Note: The Sender ID is not customizable by the Biller, it must be what IVR Tech provides. The Sender ID is only a TFN and not able to be a local DID any longer.
IVR Tech will advise IC when the Biller’s SMS Text verification process with the FCC has reached the Pending verification status.   
This status is dictated by the FCC, and they advise IVR Tech. 
IVR Tech will send an email to IC to let them know the Pending verification status. 
Pending verification status allows the Biller to send traffic with the message limits (2,000 daily / 6,000 weekly / 10,000 monthly) and reduces the chances of filtering while waiting for final carrier approval.  
IVR Tech indicates the Biller can utilize SMS Text at a smaller level essentially and review reporting to confirm if their messages are sending out or not. 
IC will communicate to the Biller they can begin to send SMS Text campaigns with the above limits of the Pending verification status and provide the previously provisioned Sender ID provided by IVR Tech. 
IVR Tech will advise IC when the Biller’s SMS Text verification process with the FCC/Carrier has been fully verified, and the Biller can now use their number with the least number of limitations. 
IC will advise the Biller of the completed SMS Text verification by the FCC/Carrier and let them know they can fully use the SMS Text campaign. 
 
Sample Information 
Project Schedule OC
 Gong recording for City of Bellview OC Training on Compass Suites 
Gong | IC and Bellevue Review of Outbound Campaign
FCC Regulations Flyer
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3252420609/Outbound+Campaign+Playbook