**DRAFT UNDER REVIEW**
Purpose
Ensure the responsible use of packages within the organization to maintain code quality, security, and compliance.
Scope
This policy applies to all Invoice Cloud software development teams (contractors included), projects, and code repositories.
Responsibilities
Developer
Identify:
 Identify the need for a new or modified package within their projects
Submit Request:
 
Submit a formal request for approval
, providing detail information about the package; name, version, purpose, and potential impact on the project
Tech Lead / Architect
Compatibility Review:
 Assess whether the package is compatible with the existing project dependencies, frameworks, and standards
Documentation:  
Maintain the Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) with any package changes
.  
Maintain a record of the decision and approval process from all parties. TBD link to ADR template.
Security Engineer
Security Review:
 Evaluate the package for security vulnerabilities.  Use security scanning tools and conduct manual reviews if needed to ensure the package does not introduce security risks.
Legal / Compliance Officer
License Review: 
Ensure the third party package is compatible with the project’s licensing requirements and that any licensing obligations are met.  
Artifact Administrator
Audit Review: 
Regularly evaluate package publish age.
Submit Request:
 Submit a formal request for aged package approval, providing detail information about the package; name, version, age, any potential known CVEs or EOLs.
Package Removal:  
Remove non-approved packages from feeds
Package Sources
Nuget.org
NPMJS.com
Invoice Cloud Private Development Feed
Invoice Cloud Private Production Feed
Approval Process For Production Packages
This process applies to packages for use in production and does not apply to development packages.
(Developer | Artifact Admin) identifies the need for a new or modified package
(Developer | Artifact Admin) submits a request to the Tech Lead or Architect board (this could be a ticket process but formal requests need to be stored for auditing and outcomes recorded)
Internal IC package that needs to be created or modified
Create a branch
Deploy the package to the private development feed view
Test the package
Create a PR
Reviewers evaluate the package for standards, security, licensing, and compatibility
If approved the PR is completed
If approved the package is promoted to the production feed view and can be used by IC software
Third Party package
Reviewers evaluate the package for standards, security, licensing, and compatibility
If approved the package is added to the production feed and can be used by IC software
If applicable the project software bill of materials documentation is updated
Create a package approval process decision record and store in the centralized documentation store
Quality and Security and Licensing
Packages must be reviewed for security vulnerabilities and compliance with licensing agreements.  SonarQube and Mend reports must be utilized in the analysis.
Criteria:
No critical CVEs
No critical code quality report items
No license usage violations
Tools:
SonarQube
 - Used for reporting on the code quality of internal Invoice Cloud packages
Mend
 - Used for reporting security vulnerabilities of both internal Invoice Cloud packages and the usage of third party packages
 URL:/spaces/ED/pages/2817982465/Package+Approval+Policy