Background
Following the usability test done around the invoice search experience 
(research findings)
, we found that users did not know how to pay an invoice on the search results page. This directly impacts user adoption, making it difficult for users to proceed paying an invoice.
Business Problem
By improving the invoice search experience, we will convert more payers and increase overall adoption by simplifying the search process and making it very clear what is owed/how to pay the invoice that is due. This would contribute to our internal goal of achieving 54.5% adoption by the end of 2025.
User Problem
The CTA buttons and button text are not clear on the Search Results Page, causing confusion for payers trying to proceed with their payment ​and directly impacting adoption numbers.
50% of payers clicked "view invoice" expecting to continue with their payment ​
50% of payers did not understand the "Add Selected Invoices" CTA ​
Mobile scenario: after selecting an invoice, the action to add to cart isn't visible at all
Goals
Identify the most intuitive design solution by A/B testing two possible solutions.
Research Questions
Does the user understand how to make a payment to one invoice? 
Two or more invoices?
Does the user understand how to view an invoice?
What if they want to make a payment after viewing the invoice?
Hypothesis
We believe that users will click a new button that is easier to see.
So if we update the button text and/or add a “pay now” button within the invoice row, users will move through the payment flow faster.
Then we will see an increase in users clicking “pay selected” or “pay now” in less time.
Methodology
A/B testing (split testing or live experiments)
Fifty percent of our usual website traffic will be diverted into a different design of the sign-up process. Various usage metrics will be tracked and logged.
Unmoderated online study
An email invitation to participate in an online study will go out to 10,000 website users who meet a set of predefined criteria. When participants click the study link, they will be taken to the study environment and will read instructions and answer an opening questionnaire. Half of the participants will then complete three tasks with our website; the other half will complete the same tasks with our primary competitor’s website. Participants’ actions and responses to task-related questions will be recorded and analyzed. The study will require a 20-minute effort, and we expect 3 percent of our users (about 300 people) to complete it.
Success Metric: 
An average of above 4 out of 5 on the ease of use scale 
95% task completion rate (under 2 attempts)
Participants
Segmentation Attributes
Low digital literacy
Above 30 years old
Participants Types:
Internal folks
Product Channel
Cat, Anita, Pete, Pilash or Anoop or Nitish 
Choose someone from: 
Operations person
Adoption team
Executive Team
Design Team
Select billers
Payers who have a good track record with great question
Friends and family
General payers
Targeted Themes
Usability 
CSTAT
Schedule
Stage
Date
Status
Finish Setting Up Test
June 30-July 3
Complete
Green
 
Internal Sessions
July 7-11
in progress
Blue
Sessions Payers
July 14-18
up next
Yellow
Results Delivery
July 21-
NOT STARTED
Red
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Set the stage and outline tasks
During this session, you will be given a couple of tasks to finish. Guidelines:
You will need to share your screen and click through a prototype (this is an in-progress design, so not everything will be fully functional. It's something that we are actively working on. In the case where you encounter something that doesn't work, you can tell us what you expected to happen.)
During the activities, talk me through your actions and your thought processes out loud. This is really important because I can't read your mind and I want to know what you like/don't like or understand.
You won’t need to enter any payment information, it will all be pre-populated, so you will not have to enter any of your information.
Does the user understand how to make a payment to one invoice? 
Let’s start with paying just one bill.
For this test, assume your name is 'Taylor Smith.' Please show how you would pay your bill. As you do it, tell me what you’re thinking and why you click on things. When you see the page that says your payment went through, you’re all done with this task and can click 'End Task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to view an invoice? 
Now let's look at a bill.
Show me how you would look at the details of your bill. Tell me what you're thinking as you click. When you can see the bill, you're done with this task and can select 'End task.'
How intuitive was the solution?
On a scale of 1 to 5, how easy was it to pay your bill?
Does the user understand how to pay multiple invoices? 
Now you have two bills to pay. Try paying both of them.
Now you want to pay two bills. Show me how you would pay your two bills. Talk out loud and tell me what you're thinking as you go. When you see the page that says your payment went through, you’re all done with this task and can click 'End Task.'
Identify successful patterns, pain points, and solution strengths
Compared to other times you’ve paid for something online, was this:
Easier
About the same
Harder
Did anything happen that you didn’t expect or that made things confusing?
What worked well? Was there anything you liked?
Is there anything else you want to tell us?
(You can look through the prototype again if you want.)
Understand user persona
What is your age?
18-24
25-34
35-44
45-54
55-64
65+
Understand user persona
What type of bills do you typically pay with InvoiceCloud?
Water
Tax
Insurance
Utilities
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4405166098/Pay+Now+Button+UX+Research+Plan