Problem Alignment
Project 
Payer Site Instrumentation Strategy 
Objective 
Strategy for building payer site metrics we can regularly use to answer key questions about payer behavior and understand trends. 
Status 
In concept
Jira
EBPP-2538
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Target Release Date 
On going 
Team 
PF Changes 
The Problem
Today we do not have consistent Payer-facing metrics that we can use to answer key questions about payer behavior, make decisions, or understand trends. 
We need to be able to track, visualize, and report this data on a regular basis. The purpose of this analytics effort is to focus on understanding our payer behavior and payer site interactions better. 
Kick-Of Deck: 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
 We do not have large-scale, concrete data we can use to make decisions today. Instead, we primarily rely on surveys, interviews, Sales and Ops feedback to make decisions. 
Audience: Who are we building for?
We are building for IC’s internal decision makers.  Personas who will be using enhanced analytics and their use cases are listed below. 
As an IC Sales Representative….
I want to tell prospects product adoption growth for their particular region, state, vertical, invoice volume category, and invoice type so they can see other billers like them who have seen product adoption success with InvoiceCloud.
I want to tell prospects the channels (first invoice notification, second etc emails, biller’s site, pay by text etc.) that payers arrive at payment and pay as a selling point. 
I want to easily build template decks, slides, and tell our adoption story overall with data.
As an IC Alliance Representative…
I want to see what software partners we are working with, the billers using them software partner, and key metrics about those billers. 
I want to see any product adoption trends across biller’s using particular software so I can target future similar software partnerships with partners that I suspect will have high payer product adoption as well.
I want to support our position to alliances and billers that IC is the best to work with, using hard data. 
As an IC CSM…
I want to show an individual biller of mine the product adoption success they have had over a period of time, with product adoption success being growth in paperless sign ups, autopay sign ups, and overall number of online payments. 
I want to easily identify top performing and underperforming billers so that I can advise billers how to improve, and help them find areas to improve upon. 
I want to tell billers the channels (first invoice notification, second etc emails, biller’s site, pay by text etc.) that payers arrive at payment and pay so I can help direct them in areas to improve.
As a product manager…
I want to use analytics to view core payer metrics to understand overall trends on our site, monitor site health and growth. 
Supporting Resources and Research
Overview of GA and how to use: Shelby has on her PC.
High-level Approach
Our high level approach to improving our understanding or payer site behavior is broken down by types of metrics we are looking to learn, and combined with a strategy for gaining as much information on the customer journey at high level as soon as possible. Our approach to adding analytics to the payer site is to constantly be learning by every additional effort we make. As part of our efforts for enhancing our instrumentation and building a strategy for payer site analytics we need to first lay the foundation of how people are reaching our site and who these payers are. These are represented Discovery and Acquisition Metrics outlined below. in Once we see at a high level how people are reaching our site we will start to add tracking around what they are doing on our site. This will help us then define payer segments and identify trends. First we need to understand how payers get to know the task - to pay/check a bill, and second what payers do. 
Our approach:
In all our data collect we want to refine metrics by the following: (detailed time frame weekly, biller, biller vertical, invoice type, biller software, biller tier, CSM, payment type, user type). 
Discovery Metrics
high level demographic and payer behavior metrics starting to support to building user personas. 
Acquisition Metrics 
high level channel metrics on entry points to payment routes. This includes emails, biller sites including logging in through SSO, direct from biller site to the virtual site or customer portal, and SSO iframe. 
answering how users are getting to payments prioritized with the below. These are prioritized based off our current make up of total payment sources, as shown below. 
EBPP, attributes to 80.6% of payments 
IVR, attributes to 9.01% of payments 
External Payments, attributes to 3.79% of payments 
Note Non-EBPP payments account for the next highest % of payments at 2.88% however these are customer initiated.  
Conversion Metrics
high level metrics on user progression through payment routes as we’ve defined including:
virtual site - one time payment route 
virtual site - registration 
customer portal - one time payment route 
customer portal - autopay registration 
customer portal - one time scheduled payment
customer portal - RSP registration
discovery of other payment route funnels. 
Product, Services Metrics
We need adoption based metrics on our services, particularly AutoPay and Paperless adoption. Beyond conversion funnel metrics to payment we will want reporting on adoption of our services. This includes data on how our users interact with these services including time to signup, editing, growth in population enrolled, and rate at which payers are enrolling in our services. 
The metrics we gather related to products and services will most likely be represented in dedicated reports.
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know if we have solved this problem when we can make meaningful decisions around the data we gather. Ultimately we want these metrics to help Sales attract and sell to more opportunities, support our position as having the industry’s highest product adoption metrics, and help identify opportunity grow areas either in software partners with an untapped biller market. We want CSM to use the metrics to keep current biller’s engaged and confident in our product adoption and support of their business, get billers engaged to care about their paperless, autopay adoption metrics, support for convincing billers to update / change their processes. For R&D we want to use this data to find product optimizations, report large-scale payer behavior, and ideally move to A/B testing on the payer site.
Solution Alignment
Key Features
Themes through out all features are: 
Internal Accessibility - Accessible for a range of internal users, easy to use, and easy to build upon for new reporting. 
On-going learning -  On going learning to explore further data points within our platform as needed. An analytics system that allows us to either self serve or request in depth data requests on topics as needed.
Metrics Areas
Desired Outcome
Notes
Acquisition, Conversion 
Weekly Reporting
Core payer behavior metrics, core top biller metrics, so we understand overall trends on our site, monitor site health, and growth.
Product, Services, Conversion 
Specific Reports 
Ability to create one off reports efficiently. Specific reports could be notification to payment reporting, billers post go live reporting, services specific reporting and new feature specific reports.
Acquisition 
Channel to Payment Tracking 
Improved UTM tagging on emails, improved tracking on pay by text, improved tracking to virtual/customer sites from biller sites and SSO. Implementing this with Google Analytics event tracking POC and plan to incorporate in Power BI, Payer Analytics dashboard.
Conversion Funnel 
Conversion Funnel tracking 
Understanding of core conversion funnels and ability to discover alternate funnels and find opportunities to improve conversion. Implementing this with Google Analytics event tracking POC and plan to incorporate in Power BI, Payer Analytics dashboard.
Acquisition, Conversion, Product, Services
Payer Adoption Dashboard 
Give internal teams and incredibly useful and easy to use analytics dashboard they will use in their daily lives to gain meaningful insights about billers and payer trends. Another goal for the payer analytics dashboard is ingesting new channel and user behavior data captured from GA POC.
Analytics Tooling
The above could be supported by the following tooling based off of capabilities.  
Appcues 
Our objective through introducing Appcues on the payer site is to  efficiently build solutions without using development resources and to start testing improvements on the site. From a analytics perspective Appcues can be used for A/B testing, monitoring campaigns, and site interaction. 
Heap
Funnel analysis and opportunity search. We will be working on a POC with Heap in early Q2. 
Power BI 
This is the most robust tooling we have tailored specifically to IC’s needs. 
Through Power BI we are currently working on a payer adoption dashboard for Sales and CSM team. Currently there are some of the aspects sales and CSM wants in the existing CRM.  However finding and easily accessing these can be challenging. Additionally some of the product adoption metrics around channels, paying invoices simply aren’t there or if they are they don’t have a full ranged filtering. Also some dashboards show current or past distribution of activity, but not growth.
The high level requirements for this project are: 
One central dashboard for sales and CSMs
Fully customizable across the following single biller, biller groups, integration, software partner, geography, time, biller invoice volume category
Data includes online payment
Must be easily accessible graphs, charts “copy-and-pasteable”
Can access raw data (guessing CSMs may want this more than sales)
Payer Adoption dashboard in progress: 
https://lucid.app/lucidchart/190521ae-c043-4478-8c08-324c423b1ee4/edit?page=0_0&invitationId=inv_9b31298d-680e-4c9d-a57c-d4b72bf56fe4#
Google Analytics 
Our objective for using Google Analytics is gathering website traffic data and demographic data. 
GA Updates Working DOC: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iII5BTEL8PvZtYVPt-pFnvWucKBh5PU7WBhiij_Gomo/edit
 
Channels: Sources: biller site url Mediums: email, biller site, SSO, direct, Referrals: n/a we will remove this
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Y
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Y
Sales is a stakeholder as mentioned in the use cases above. Sales will need training to use payer dashboard.
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Y
Marketing may use the dashboard to gather information for specific campaigns. 
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Y
Training on how to use the payer dashboard?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
N
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
N
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Y
Product marketing is a stakeholder and involved in Appcues campaigns and measuring results.
Support
Biller questions and support
Y
Support and CSMs should have access to the payer dashboard and will need training on how to use it. Their use cases are stated above.
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Y
Legal is involved in helping onboard Heap.
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
N
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/1956282396/Payer+Site+Instrumentation