Deprecated Spec - Refer to New One Pager Tax Payment Plans: 
(In Progress) Tax Payment Plans
 
Problem Alignment
The Problem
In tax, payers want the ability to schedule payments to "prepay" against an account, parcel, or property prior to the invoice being available. Some tax 
bill
s are small but others can be thousands of dollars, so payers want the ability to make payments over time. Tax invoices today are uploaded by the biller a few weeks before the due dates, not months before, so the payer cannot pay over the course of the year.
EBPP-1329: 
EBPP-1329
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
Multiple billers (James City County, Norfolk, Oceanside, Western VA water authority) have requested this functionality. We also used to have a program for tax billers called 
“Easy Pay”
 but it was discontinued due to being too manual. Currently, Marion County is using a customized FlexPay method to collect tax payments. 
Marion County Process 
Marion County There are 4 upload periods throughout the year.  All requiring their own uplaod process.   Two Installments 
Dec - Jan Install 1 (One Cent Bills) (5 Hour) and Prelims (5 hours) 
Install 1 (One Cent Bills) - 9 large files from the previous upload manually uploaded to the system using a manual custom application.  All bills are set to $.01. 
Prelims - Same large files as the one cent bills, but the balance is set to the spring balances.  This an estimate of what the balances could be in the spring. 
Mar-Apr Install 2 (Replacements) (5 hours) 
Install 1 Type R - New set of 9 files provided by GUTS given to us to load to the system to Replace (R) Install 1 balances and to do auto conveyance. 
Prelims - Are deactivated  
Install 2 Replacements - New set of 9 files provided by GUTS given to us to load to the system for install 2 invoices.   
Move Scheduled Payments - Get all scheduled payments from Install 1 and True Up the Scheduled payments for these invoices. The following Formula is what needs to be done to true up an Invoice: 
Last Remaining Flexpay Balance = Last Remaining Flexpay Balance +(Remaining Flexpay Scheduled payments - Balance due) Note: True ups are such a confusing process and gets us scrambling every time we run this Oct - Nov Install 2 
Run install 2 invoices as type R.  Should be a file provided by Guts.
There is a financial incentive to doing this. If we split the total tax bill across multiple payments we can charge multiple service fees. We will also be able to sell more to billers collecting tax payments according to sales. 
Audience: Who are we building for?
Primarily for tax billers. According to data found in the CRM, we have 294 billers that have an invoice alias mentioning tax. 
Most of these billers are served by QDS, BS&A, and Munis. 
Data can be found here: 
James City County context
Due dates are June 5
th 
(personal property) and December 5
th 
(real estate) (unless it is a weekend). Invoices are available around September for real estate. Invoices are available around April for personal property.
Two types of tax (so two types of invoices that FlexPay would need): real estate and personal property.
High-level Approach
We plan on using a method to create a “dummy invoice” populated with the tax bill amount from the previous cycle to create a single invoice for payers (this was previously done as customization for Marion County). Once we have created this invoice the payer will use FlexPay to determine the number of payments and frequency.
First, IC would have to automatically create a dummy invoice item a payer can schedule FlexPay against, without an official tax invoice present yet. This amount would be equal to the tax amount from the last year for that payer.
Once registered, payers would select “View or Pay Open Invoices,” and their tax bill should appear there along with their other bills (payers can have both real estate and personal property taxes).
If they clicked on “Pay Selected” for a tax invoice the next screen would display FlexPay as a payment option.
For Marion County, we inserted an HTML template into the system after FlexPay is selected that explains how the amount is calculated (with an amount based on the previous tax payment) for each payment. Next, they would select how many payments they want to make on the amount based on the last cycle's tax bill. There is language at the top of the FlexPay schedule creation page that the user will be auto-enrolled in the next tax invoice using the same schedule they create currently. 
The user will receive a FlexPay Confirmation email, confirming that they have registered for FlexPay and includes language that they will be auto-enrolled when the next invoice comes in. 
Once the invoices become available for the biller, we move the scheduled payments and payment history from prelim to actual based on the new invoice. We would then adjust the final payment or payments to get the right amount (credit if we overestimated and a larger final payment if we underestimated). To make this work we would need a systematic way to match and replace the dummy invoices showing last cycle's tax amount with the real invoices once we get them. For James City County invoices per customer are matched together by using customerID, invoiceTypeID, billerbillYear, billerInstallmentNumber. 
When the adjustment amounts are known when the final payment is about to be paid (3 days prior) then a scheduled payment email is sent to the payer letting the payer know about final payment amount. 
The user can cancel their FlexPay schedule at any time once they have created the schedule. If the user cancels the schedule then they will not be auto-enrolled in FlexPay when the new invoice is created. The user will receive a new invoice notification. 
When the new invoice is created, then the new invoice auto-enrollment email is sent to the payer. The biller can set the time frame of when they want the new auto-enrollment process to happen. The email contains the new schedule for the new invoice. The schedule is created based off the payer’s previous schedule. 
Open Questions:
UX – if people see a zero they won't pay on it. What should be the right experience for prepaying today? Should we show the last amount or not show an amount that we don’t have?
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we succeeded if we can solve the pain points for James City County and other billers. We will also be able to collect tax payments for multiple types of tax invoices with minimal IC effort. A secondary goal here is creating a more automated way to handle these payments since the first iteration was too labor-intensive. 
This approach will also need to be easily scalable as we have nearly 300 billers that could take advantage of this process. 
Multiple payments also mean multiple opportunities to collect fees on a tax invoice so we expect our revenue per invoice to increase:
Goal
Ok
Good
Great
Increase revenue per invoice for tax billers
5%
10%
15%
Solution Alignment
Key Features
IC creates a “dummy” tax invoice based on last year's figures
Dummy invoice can be replaced with the real invoice once present
Changes in tax amount once the real invoice is present is automatically reflected on the remaining payments
Payment history transfers between the two
Payers can divide their tax bills across multiple payments
Payers have a minimum of 6 months to make payments
Payers cannot use FlexPay for bills under $100 
Payers are informed that the final amount they are paying may change
Final amount is adjusted based on the official tax invoice for the year
The amount presented to the payer matches the bill from last year until adjustment occurs
Payment history is not lost when the dummy invoice is converted to the official invoice
Multiple tax types included (real estate, property, boating, etc.)
Payer can only schedule as far as the due date of the tax bill
Key Flows  
Jira link: 
EBPP-2504
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System JIRA
 
Current screens for FlexPay and recurring scheduled payments: 
https://www.figma.com/file/TgcC7uyxflmaRGkbgAZRmZ/Paying-taxes-without-an-invoice-present?node-id=0%3A1
 
Payer workflow when using FlexPay:
Timeline for Marion County
Timeline for James City
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
 N
 
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Y 
We will need a slide on the new feature for tax billers. Work with John Prodan
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Y 
 We can create a campaign for tax billers
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Y 
This will be new functionality. We will create a Guru card and ITK material
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Y 
Potentially. Will have to talk to implementations (Albert)
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Y 
Potentially.
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Y 
One slide for the sales team deck
Support
Biller questions and support
Y 
 Guru card and FQA guide
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
N 
 
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Y 
 Potentially.
Post Launch/ Possible Next Steps 
This list is the post launch optimizations / possible next steps:
Payers would not have to first 
register to see the dummy invoice 
and use FlexPay. We would prompt one-time users to either pay the full amount or register to use FlexPay. Once registered, they would select “View or Pay Open Invoices,” and their tax bill should appear there along with their other bills (payers can have both real estate and personal property taxes). 
Create a systematic way to match the dummy invoices to the real invoices. This would be optimizing the current manual process. 
previous year and maintaining a clear way to tie the previous invoices. 
key for identifying parcel/key at the invoice level 
Updates to the integrations so this is a less manual process. 
Handling of linked accounts needs to be considered 
Will users be able to search for these invoices if not logged in? Yes 
When these users are prepaying are they making one payment or multiple?
Creation of prelims - how do we handle that? and make the systematic? 
billers changing the dates of the creation of prelims?
email notification settings
CRM serviceability, what things will we allow the biller to adjust? 
what are our needs for FlexPay? billers file clips created by David. 
Next step - When the actual invoice amounts are know, we recalculate all remaining payments, not just the final 
Next step - FlexPays sign up process improvements
Next step - Electronic notice of valuation to access estimated amount. 
PCI - James City County, Norfolk, Charleston. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/1428062224/Paying+tax+bills+throughout+the+year