 
The PDF Burster is designed to split large, unprocessed PDF files into smaller, individual PDFs. This helps prevent 
out-of-memory exceptions
 that can interrupt the PDF linking process. These issues typically occur when a biller submits a large PDF file, resulting in only a portion of the pages being successfully linked. 
After bursting, the individual PDFs must still be placed in the appropriate FTP, PDF directories or PDF server folders to be processed.
  Download the PDF Burster
  Before using the PDF Burster
Make sure your system has at least 
5 GB of free disk space
 before using the PDF Burster. The tool will burst up to the page that fits within this limit and will stop generating additional files to avoid exceeding available space.
When running for the first time, if you encounter the “Windows protected your PC” make sure to click “More Info” and “Run Anyway”.
Click on 
More Info
Click on Run anyway
How to use the PDF Burster
1. Select the PDF File
Paste a valid PDF path into the input field, or click the 
Search
 button to browse and select the desired PDF file to burst.
OR
Make sure to erase the quotation marks from the copied path
2. Enter the Biller ID
Type in the numeric 
Biller ID
 associated with the PDF.
Note: Only positive, numeric values are accepted.
3. Define the Page Range
To burst the entire PDF, enter 
1
 in 
Start Page
 and the last page number in 
End Page
.
To burst only a portion of the PDF, enter the page number where the first individual PDF begins in 
Start Page
, and the page number where the last desired individual PDF ends in 
End Page
.
Example of page count where bursting from first to last page.
4. Set Pages per Split
Specify how many pages each individual PDF should contain.
Example:
A 1,000-page PDF split into 2 pages per file will generate 500 individual PDFs between the selected start and end pages.
Example output folder PDF count when bursting a 1000 page PDF with a 2 page per split.
5. Ready to Burst
Once a valid PDF path, numeric Biller ID, page range, and split value have been provided, the 
Burst PDF
 button will become clickable.
 Video DEMO:
  Important Note:
The 
PDF Burster
 tool does 
not support dynamic page splitting
. It splits all PDFs using a 
fixed number of pages per file
—for example, every 1 page or every 2 pages—regardless of the content inside. Unlike the 
PdfQueueByExtraction
 process, which can split based on content (e.g., some invoices may need 1, 2, or 3 pages), PDF Burster applies the same rule to all created pdfs.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/4643487791/PDF+Burster+User+Guide