The purpose of this page is to document and maintain best practices for PMs. This includes processes and artifacts used by PMs.
Background
:
Certain projects get assigned a PM. The criteria to assign a PM includes:
New implementation where MRR is large (over $30K), or the project complexity is high, or the Biller is an influencer.
New integration. These are projects where InvoiceCloud is integrating with a new technical vendor. Vendors include CIS, IVR, Engagement platforms – SSO, etc., and a Biller is already signed off.
o   New integrations without a Biller (example Sap / Oracle, will not get a PM assigned.
CIS Conversions where current biller MRR is large (over $30K), or the project complexity is high, or the Biller is an influencer.
Conversions of any sort (data, users’ demographics, etc.,) when the Conversions team requests PM assistance.
Integration Manager:
An integration manager is assigned to a project if the CIS is a new integration or if the Biller requires a custom integration, meaning a onetime, non-repeatable integration.
Solutions Engineer.
Like new or custom integrations, a Solutions Engineer is assigned to projects where new code is needed to integrate with any type of vendor: CIS, IVR, Kiosk, etc.,
 
The PM role
.
Roles and responsibilities of PMs are defined in the RACI
Meeting etiquette
, frequency, and format. Please review Confluence page “
Administering Project Calls”
Go-Live Process and Transition to Client Services.
The document for transition information is in Confluence: 
Transition to Client Services
 
The 
Go-Live Overview process
 needs to be shared with clients before go-live. The document should be edited by the PM to match the client’s size which determines if the client has a Transition Manager or not.
 
PM Artifacts:
Kick off deck
 Template
Project Notes
 Template
RAID log (RAID log is an artifact automatically created for every project in Smartsheet)
Steering Committee
 PowerPoint template
Alignment meetings - Engineering
Go Live Commitment
 PowerPoint
Project Closing
 - Project Admin – Folders – Standards.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3465445441/PMO+-+Best+Practices