Mission
 
The Principal Front End Developer is responsible for building the experiences created by Product Designers. The Principal Front-End Developer establishes UI coding standards and coaches other developers on how to adhere to them.
Responsibilities 
 
Build experiences using modern best practices for performance and accessibility.
Regularly review designs for technical feasibility.
Participate in design critiques, push design solutions forward.
Work with a cross functional team to deliver work on expected deadlines.
Manage multiple projects at different phases of development at once.
Participate in PR reviews with development team.
Coach designers and developers on best practices to build UI.
Take the lead on initiatives to further the delivery of great UX. 
Traverse the Invoice Cloud organization to build great products.
Requirements
 
8+ years work experience as a Front End Developer or similar role. 
Build complex UI for SaaS applications.
Advanced experience implementing WCAG standards.
Experience with design software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Figma, etc. 
Working with designers and developers to solve problems.
Provide strategic direction for front end development.
Ability to execute designs that match design concepts.
Advanced experience in CSS, SASS and/or SCSS 
Advanced experience in front end scripting using Javascript, jQuery, React and JSON.
Experience working with APIs and JSON structures.
Experience with server side languages such as PHP and 
http://ASP.NET
   
Experience in javascript preprocessor tools like Gulp or Webpack.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design production.
Experience working with frameworks like Bootstrap or Foundation.
Expert in agile development.
Full knowledge in the entire suite of InvoiceCloud product offerings.
Deep understanding of the Invoice Cloud business and who we serve.
Mentoring other Front End Developers.
Preferred Qualifications:
 
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. 
Strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. 
Exceptional writing skills.
Operating as a leader.
What We Offer:
 
Competitive salary and benefits package. 
Flexible working hours and remote work options. 
Opportunities for professional growth and development. 
A collaborative and inclusive work environment. 
The chance to work on exciting projects that make a real impact. 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3961454605/Principal+Front+End+Developer