What Went Well?
What Went Less Well?
Try Next?
What puzzles?
We able to achieve what we planned in the sprint.
All automation items got closed as planned
Increased maturity on SecureAuth integrations lead to faster story delivery
Working in cohesion helped wrap up related stories quickly
SSO/ MFA reaching a comfortable spot.
Team members who completed tasks early/on time helped others.
Most of the stories got completed by the end of sprint.
Mid-sprint enhancements/blockers for stories accounted for extra unplanned efforts
Over capacity work
Unable to understand code requirements at first and then carrying forward the story to next sprint.
During the end of sprint  faced some challenges in code and when changed it ,  realized that cannot run it on local due to SA changes(inshort big changes like SA could be deployed on a single server)
Some SecureAuth edge cases were unclear and required additional investigation.
Acceptance criteria should be more clear and specific to the requirement
.
Migration Job approach has changed at the last moment. this may lead to go over the committed Deadline
 
Better analysis.
Knowledge session on secure auth implementation and overall SecureAuth flow which we going to follow & Kubernetes job which we had created.
Discuss among team if you’re struck on something.
Complete the stories as soon as they are done and in stipulated time.
Taking commitments seriously.
All team members to join code reviews.
Focus on Quality Testing 
Better understanding of the requirements
Merge from release branch as soon as we push any new changes into Integration branch to stay up to date and get less merge conflicts
If someone deploys his/her changes then they should inform in Slck so that team is aware of a new behaviour of some functionality
Common Functions needed to use ICSecureAuth Package can be combined into a Helper Class like Model Builders etc.
Clarify acceptance criteria before starting code to avoid rework.
Why can’t we come up with right questions.
Not understanding defination of done.
Relying on AI for code too much.
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4666130433/PRISM+Sprint+2025.17+and+2025.18+-+Retro