Runbook name
Procure and Integrate Add-Ons for New Biller Projects
Description
Add-on handling
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 9/27/24
Kinga Dobriban
1.0
Created
9/30/24
Kinga Dobriban
1.1
Comments from Shelly B and Brian N were added
Summary
The purpose of this document is to outline:
How to manage new add-on requests from a biller that is in active implementation for a first time launch
How to integrate the add-on into the existing new biller project
We will cover 1) the paperwork needed, 2) the right way to channel the add on through the company and 3) the operations best practices for integrating new products into your existing project.
Commonly received add-on requests
EBPP and Non-EBPP requests can both be placed. Most commonly, we see requests for:
Cloud Store
Cloud Pay
EMV readers
Less frequently: IVR, OBD
Step 1: To integrate or not
Note: If you are unsure whether the add-on can be easily incorporated, please speak with your manager.
Step 2: The paperwork
Whether we implement the add-on with the new biller launch or use a phase 2 approach, we still need the correct paperwork. In accordance with our internal quality assurance processes, we cannot put any products or services live without this. For billers that want to go live with an add-on on the same go-live date as their main imp, it is important that we procure paperwork as soon as possible, as turn-around times can vary.
Notify your manager that an add-on request was received that falls outside of the original scope. Add-on requests do 
not 
filter through the sales manager on the original deal.  Sales Ops has a separate team to work these deals.
Gather the following information from your biller:
Frequency of billing (e.g. monthly, quarterly)
Estimated number of bills sent per frequency period
Average invoice amount (estimate)
Maximum invoice amount (estimate)
Submit a new Salesforce case to Biller Support.  
Subject field should reference the specific add-on.
Status = New
Type = Sales
Sub-Type = Add-On
Description field should include as much detail as possible; specifically what the biller is requesting along w/ billing frequency, number of bills per frequency period, average and max invoice amount. Note if there is any hard deadline or urgency.
E.g. 
E.g.
Sales Ops will review the case, assign an Account Manager, and create an opportunity in Salesforce.
Within the opportunity, you can communicate with the Account Manager via the Feed feature.
E.g. 
Please note: 
When the add-on is assigned, the IM still needs to provision the add-on and manage the admin (plug in a GL date and mark complete when done). This is necessary so that the finance team can track the MRR correctly. The overall schedule should be combined with the main project and managed together. Please see process below. 
If the work is urgent, you can start the setup work prior to the paperwork being complete. However, we 
cannot launch
 any new invoice type or product without the necessary paperwork.
Step 3: Integrating the Add-on
Process
Any new invoice type or product we are adding MUST go through the necessary steps regardless where you are at with your main project:
Requirements gathering
What fields/settings are needed
Website changes (if any)
Boarding needs (if any)
Etc
S
etup
CRM
Boarding
IVR Tech, etc
TESTING
IAT (IM tests)
QC (Delivery team tests)
Walkthrough and UAT OR Guided UAT (the customer tests)
Biller sign off
Confirm paperwork is complete & launch
Updating the project schedule
Copy the appropriate lines from the Add-on Template and insert them into your project schedule: 
https://app.smartsheet.com/sheets/3c9cj7RfFWGMM2McJXfqcRrj4c5Wmjp9FffXxJF1
Note: work with your manager if you need help incorporating the add-on into an existing schedule
Questions to consider:
Questions to consider
Example
Comments / Time Impact
1
Are new terminals needed?
To add EMV, we need retail terminals. 
If the biller wants to route deposits into a different bank account, we need new terminals.
If the biller requires a separate deposit even if using the same banking information, we need boarding setup
2-6 weeks. Please check with your boarding rep for an estimate. This may well be the determining factor when your add-on can launch
2
Is an integration modification or new feature requested?
Biller wants a new invoice type that is not supported by the existing integration
Biller wants to add on CloudPay with a vendor that is not integrated
Biller wants a feature that is not supported by the existing integration
Escalate
 to your manager.
File an SE case (or have the sales rep / alliance manager, if partner, file).
The request will go through the prioritization process. → Discuss outcome and communication approach with your manager and internal stakeholders.
3
If the add-on follows the biller launch (phased approach), will a new test environment be needed?
E.g.: The cloud pay integration will not complete before the new biller launch. However, a test environment is needed to test the integration and go through the required process steps (as outlined above) before putting the add-on live
Request a new test BID with the boarding team and configure the test environment.
Change Request:
 
What to do when a Biller wants a change.pptx
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3599073281/Procure+and+Integrate+Add-Ons+for+New+Biller+Projects