Welcome to the home of the product engineering teams.
Team Philosophies
Alignment
Clear vision set by product and the business matched to clear technical goals.
Defined business, product, and technical KPIs per area.
Shared understanding of roadmap and business goals – ROI.
Regular updates on how KPIs are tracking.
Scrum Teams know how their work rolls up to business goals and track against them.
No secret side projects from anyone.
Autonomy and Accountability
Solve your own problems and define your own solutions - but in alignment of the company goals.
Clearly defined ownership of parts of the code base / functionality / business lines / sub-roadmaps.
Accountability for your space – all the glory and responsibility but do what you say you’re going to do.
Transparency and Metrics
System metrics – new feature defects, page load times, drop-off rates, sprint completion %.
Team metrics – sprint points, defects created, individual points – used as signals to flag areas to investigate not as tools to fire people.
Full transparency means nothing is hidden – good and bad.
Individual Engagement
Need to solve challenging problems – not be given the solution.
Feel like their voice is heard.
Cannot always be deadline to deadline to deadline.
Have connections within their team and outside.
Reduce friction – old code, under-performers, painful processes.
Full transparency means no secrets and nowhere to hide.
Celebrate success – acknowledge shipping stuff.
People and teams need to build trust with others – doing what you say will build that trust.
Engineering should empower other teams – don’t be a service org or a cost center.
All of these are true for in-office and remote – remote requires more intentionality, consistency, and check-ins to replace hallway conversations
Deliver Meaningful Things
The whole point is to ship great features for our clients. Focus on that but in a sustainable way.
Full roadmap that’s built collaboratively between all aspects of the company.
Constant, consistent, delivery of business and customer enabling functionality.
Close alignment and partnership with the new product org.
Champion tech debt, security needs, and get eng voices in the roadmap.
Improved delivery, quality, and automation for the teams.
Iterative design and delivery.
 URL:/spaces/PE/overview