We leverage 
Jira Product Discovery
 [JPD] to manage the Discovery process.
:note:
atlassian-note
#FFFFFF
What do we need from the team by February 28?
Stack Rank: 
Here is the order I’m going to do discovery on things (Top 5)
Everyone should have at least one item In Discovery, 2-3 in Up Next, and 1-2 in Parking Lot.
Ideal: By what date will you complete discovery? Fill out 
Discovery Start Date
, 
Discovery End Date
 fields.
Discovery Sizing
 is estimated. This is intended to time box discovery. How much time do we agree we’re spending on discovery?
Small:
 1-2 weeks
Medium:
 3-4 weeks
Large:
 5-6 weeks
All items in JPD are in the 
correct stage. 
Many of our items are in the wrong stage today in an effort to build the 2025 roadmap. We need to correct this and consolidate ideas where appropriate
Records need data to be cleaned up. New fields to identify include:
Roadmap Theme
Product Area
Meetings
[When do we meet about discovery items? What is our cadence?]
[How does this wire into the monthly meeting process?]
Discovery Stages
Stage
Notes
New
Item is created and needs to be reviewed against existing priorities. Expected outcomes are Parking Lot (not doing soon), Up Next (expect to start discovery soon[?]), or In Discovery (if you are starting discovery as this item is opened).
To exit this stage: 
Power Score needs to be completed. This can be completed just by a PM, but it’s recommended that a PM has a conversation with a technical resource.
Review whether this item is duplicative of another item in the system, or tangentially relates to another item and should be bundled.
All fields need to be completed including Roadmap Theme, Product Area, Vertical, 
Parking Lot
We aren’t going to do discovery on this any time soon, but we aren’t closing the idea.
Up Next
Item not currently in discovery but is one of the next 2-3 items you expect to bring into discovery next. When this stage is entered, a Discovery Size should be entered.
As an item gets moved from Up Next, a new item should backfill it.
In Discovery
During this stage, discovery takes place and the item is reviewed. 
A business case determination needs to be made at the start of discovery. If a business case is needed, [Business Case] should be set to Required, and this stage cannot be exited without a business case being completed. At minimum, all Major Enhancements require a business case. 
To exit the stage:
Item is successfully reviewed with Product, Engineering, Design leadership and agree that this moves forward to development. We also may close this item or move back to parking lot. 
Power Score should be updated and agreed upon by key stakeholders, and is not expected to change after this stage.
Ready for Dev
Discovery has completed and the item has been reviewed or results shared. Items in Ready for Dev should have a Solution Design Doc (architecture) completed, or an architect says one is not needed. A Lean Canvas needs to be completed. 
In Development
Item has been picked up for development. If an item is in this stage, the initiative or epic needs to be tied to the JPD item for visibility. Dates (start/end) are now available and should be updated under [Project Start] and [Project Target] fields in JPD.
Roadmap should be changed to be “In Flight”. 
Shipped
Product has shipped and is being measured. 
To exit this stage:
Project is successfully shipped and immediate bugs are resolved
Success criteria are measured
Product has written up what happened and shared it with R&D team (spec to be written)
Roadmap should be changed to “Launched”
Done
Exit criteria met for Shipped.
Action Items
Create page on “How to create a lightweight business case”
 to create process flow diagram on our stages. - Done
 to add new fields 
referenced
 on this page. - Done 
 - Work with Dennis to change the workflow to match the new Process Flow diagram that Ryan will create
Review Mtg Recordings
Part 1
 
Part 2
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4014243865/Product+Discovery