Job Description:
 
The Product Designer plays a crucial role in the development of our product. They work alongside Product Managers and Engineers to work through the discovery process by conducting user research, creating visual flows, and high-fidelity prototypes. The Product Designer assists during the delivery process by providing guidance and refining prototypes as needed.   
Responsibilities:
 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals, and experience. 
Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering. 
Conceptualize original ideas that bring simplicity and user-friendliness to complex design roadblocks. 
Create wireframes, user flows, and prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas. 
Present and defend designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and stakeholders. 
Conduct user research and evaluate user feedback. 
Promote design guidelines, best practices, and standards. 
Understand the needs of the InvoiceCloud business and how design impacts them.
Requirements:
 
2+ work experience as a Product Designer or similar role. 
Strong portfolio showcasing user research and design projects. 
Proficiency in design software such as Sketch, Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, etc. 
Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction. 
Understanding of accessible design.
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively. 
Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies. 
Education in Human-Computer Interaction, Interaction Design, or a Visual Arts subject.
Experience working with and contributing to design systems. 
Preferred Qualifications:
 
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. 
Strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders. 
Ability to present your designs and sell your solutions to various stakeholders. 
Strong writing skills.
What We Offer:
 
Competitive salary and benefits package. 
Flexible working hours and remote work options. 
Opportunities for professional growth and development. 
A collaborative and inclusive work environment. 
The chance to work on exciting projects that make a real impact. 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3888447489/Product+Designer