Story Points
Effort Required
Appx. time required
Task Complexity 
Tasks Risk or Uncertainty 
1
Minimum   Effort
Typically, 1-2 hours.
Trivial task
, well-understood, and straightforward to implement.
Minimal risk
, no significant unknowns or dependencies.
2
Minimum Effort 
Half a day
Simple task
 with a few minor challenges or dependencies.
Low risk
, but some minor uncertainties or dependencies to consider.
3
Mild Effort 
Typically, 1-2 days.
Low complex tasks 
with multiple dependencies or some technical challenges.
Moderate risk,
 with some unknowns or potential roadblocks.
5
Moderate Effort 
Typically, 2-4 days
Moderately complex tasks 
with several interconnected components or dependencies and technical challenges.
Moderate risk
, with potential roadblocks or major unknowns.
8
High Effort 
Typically, 1 week
Highly complex tasks 
with many dependencies, technical risks, or requiring a significant amount of time to implement.
High risk
, with significant unknowns or potential roadblocks.
13
Maximum Effort 
Typically, 1-2 weeks
Extremely complex task 
with numerous intricate components or dependencies. Requires breaking down into smaller, more manageable pieces before implementation.
High risk
, with major unknowns or potential roadblocks.
Engineering and Product Discussion
Estimating is a collaborative discussion with back and forth on scope and delivery targets. Your discussions should include:
The amount of work to do
The complexity of the work
Any risk or uncertainty in doing the work
Include testing requirements
Question each other in a constructive way
If something is not defined or seems too big or there is ambiguity, discuss it
Everybody should be on the same page and in agreement about an estimate and communicate effectively as to why it is the size it is.
There is a difference between ‘project size’ and ‘project delivery target’. 
Roles in Estimation
Management layer
Protects, enables, and drives the teams to delivery
Product
Manages scope to help reduce project size
Scrum Team
Provides the detailed story points, consulted during high level t-shirt estimates
Architects
Creates the most optimal solution based on technical needs, scope, and timeline constraints
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/3207331861/Product+Engineering+-+Estimation+Guide