Competency & Definition
Associate (P1)
Mid-Level (P2)
In addition to Associate
Senior (P3)
In addition to Mid-Level
Principal (P4)
In addition to Senior
Knowledge & Application
You work on smaller, more focused tasks with the oversight of a more experienced designer or manager.
You own the design for your team and can execute projects with some oversight. You work cross-functionally with all members of scrum teams to ensure clarity and quality. 
You own the design for your team and can execute projects autonomously, efficiently, and with high quality, with little to no oversight. 
You are an innovator and advocate for the future of your product area. 
You are considered exemplary when it comes to product leadership, craft, business literacy, or domain expertise.  
Product Leadership
You understand the structure of the Design Team as well as scrum teams. This level is generally assigned to a single scrum team. You have a familiarity with Agile development.
You are an active contributor in Design Team critiques, and push design solutions forward.
You can support more than one scrum team.
You are an active contributor in sprint planning and grooming sessions, and advocate for design processes. You work with the product triad to understand the problems to solve, and don’t solution too quickly. 
You contribute to the roadmap for your scrum team and rely on data-driven insights.
You identify strategic opportunities and can traverse scrum teams to make them happen. 
Craft & Quality 
System
(how the product works as a system)
You have a basic understanding of the product as a system, and you see the relationship between payer, biller, and CRM.
You understand the product’s underlying systems and relationships. You see impact to areas outside your current project, and understand the user’s overall journey. 
You don’t require oversight, as you exhibit solid skills in all areas of design expertise: system, UX, visual, and research. 
You can think in terms of overall vision, tactical details, and everything in between. 
You pay attention the the details and design solutions that are well thought out and are proven to solve the problem at hand. 
You are considered exemplary in at least two areas of design expertise:  system, UX, visual, and research. You exhibit solid skills and don’t require oversight in the remaining areas.  
UX & Interaction
(how things behave)
You prototype simple interactive user flows where the solution has largely been defined by Product Managers and/or more experienced designers.
You build workflows with product triads and prototype complex user flows. You design for all possible flows, not just the golden path.
Visual
 
(how things look)
You effectively use the IC design system and create polished interfaces. 
You challenge and contribute to the IC design system. Your work exhibits a strong sense of hierarchy, color, typography, and simplicity. 
Research
(how our users behave)
You work with a more experienced designer or product manager to run small and focused research activities like surveys. 
You build simple research plans and execute on them by running surveys, interviews, and user tests. 
Business Literacy
(knowledge of the market, customers, and how to make an impact)
You understand IC’s product and the markets it serves. 
You are aware of customer/user personas, and leverage them where appropriate.
You have an understanding of the customer/user personas related to your product area.
You understand IC’s business model and how the work your team does contributes to it. 
You have a deep understanding of personas in your product area and a surface level of those in other areas. You have a high level understanding of the best practices in payments industry.
You have an understanding of IC’s competitor offerings, and recommend solutions that will positively impact business. You have an awareness of the systems that interact with the IC product.
You have a deep understanding of all personas that use the IC product. You are an expert in the best practices in the payments industry. 
Product Knowledge
(knowledge of IC and its products)
You understand the area of the product your scrum team serves (ex: biller experience). 
You have a surface level understanding of all product experiences and the IC organization.
You are considered an expert in one area of the product, and have a deep understanding of the remaining areas.
You regularly traverse IC’s organization to understand opportunities and challenges.
You are an expert in all areas of the product. 
Domain Expertise
(years of experience, knowledge of AI, design systems, accessibility, or other relevant areas to your role)
You keep up with the design industry at large, and have leaders you admire and learn from. You have a surface level understanding of designing for accessibility as well as UX heuristics. You have 0-2 years experience.
You have a passion for particular topics, and actively seek professional development to deepen your knowledge. You have over 2 years of experience. 
You have advanced knowledge in at least one area of domain expertise, and educate others on the topic. You have over 4 years of experience. 
You create systems and strategies for others in the company to learn and improve their own knowledge and skills. You have over 8 years of experience. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3854172208/Product+Designer+Career+Path