Runbook name
Setting Project Go-Live Dates, Confidence Levels, and RAG status
Description
Process for setting confidence levels on an implementation project
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
 
1.0
Page created
Apr 25, 2024
 
1.1
Updated page with content created by 
 
Oct 18th, 2024
Jared Tucker
1.2
Updates
Summary
Accurate project completion dates, RAG (Health) statuses and confidence levels are essential for effective planning and resource allocation. They allow for realistic scheduling, enabling our teams to optimize resources, monitor progress, and implement timely corrective actions. The ability to accurately plan and forecast schedules increases stakeholder trust, promotes team morale, and contributes to overall project success. Unrealistic timelines, on the other hand, can lead to biller and stakeholder dissatisfaction, resource mismanagement, and increased project risks.
Setting and Updating Process
Steps
Description
Role Responsible
1
Set Go-Live Date
The initial Go-Live date should be set 
before
 the project kickoff call.
GL date should be based off of notes from Sales Engineers and Sales (in SalesForce), an alignment call with the CIS, input from the IM and IM or PMs manager. The GL date could change after the project kickoff if new requirements or customer dependencies are uncovered.
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
2
Set RAG (Health) Status
The RAG status should be set at the same time as the Go-Live date
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
3
Update Weekly
Go-Live and confidence level should be updated 
weekly
PM/or IM if no PM Assigned
4
RAG (Health) Status Overview
The RAG (Red, Amber, Green) status, often called a “stop light” report, is a visual indicator of your project’s health and one of the most commonly used indicators in project management.   
Its goal is to give an idea of the overall project’s status in just one glance. It is a key element in project status reporting, typically featured in weekly status reports and project dashboards. 
Similarly to the confidence level (which is more unique to Invoice Cloud), the project manager sets and updates the RAG status on a regular basis to indicate whether a project is on track, needs attention or is in a critical state. The RAG status is directly tied to the go-live date. You are indicating whether the go-live date is happening within the go-live month.   
How to Edit RAG
Set the RAG status at the time when the go-live date is set. Navigate to the Sheet Summary on your project schedule and adjust the “Health” drop down. This will adjust the RAG on all other smarthseets, including the Master Project Tracker.
RAG Status Criteria
Status
Conf Level Equivalent
Definition
Criteria
Actions
Green
75% or 100%
The project is 
on track
. The project is on track. Risks are understood and mitigation plans are in place.  No significant issues or concerns to hit the go-live date.
CIS and Biller are in agreement to a go-live date.
​
Project is on track.
Few/No dependencies or dependencies within IC control
No further action required.
Amber
50%
The project 
needs attention
. There are issues or concerns that need to be addressed to prevent the situation from deteriorating. A path to green needs to be defined and action is required.
Biller or CIS won't commit to the GL date.
At least 1 
high priority
 issue open that will likely impact current Go Live.
Review documentation on issue criteria.
Maintaining Project RAID Log
 
Keep a close eye on the project
PM or IM needs to 
review project issues/risks
 with their manager and key project stakeholders.
Identify path to green and add it to Smartsheets.  Update path to green weekly.
Red
25% or below
The project has hit a serious roadblock(s), and no clear plan is in place to hit the date. There are issues that require immediate attention and immediate action is needed to rescue/reset the project. 
Milestones and critical path tasks are delayed/blocked
No clear plan in place to hit GL.
1 Unresolved High Priority or Multiple
 
High Priority
 issues open that will impact current Go Live.
The go-live date is not confirmed by biller or CIS
PM or IM need to immediately 
escalate
 to their manager and Implementations leadership.
Identify path to green and add it to Smartsheets.  Update path to green weekly.
RAG Status Examples
Biller 1
Biller is not committed​
Tyler needs to install interfaces​ (APIs) before IC can start work
RAG = 
RED
Reason: 
2
 High priority issues
Biller will not commit to Go-Live
SInce Tyler is not a partner, we likely do not have accurate information on the durations or status of their work.
Biller 2
Biller’s previous payment provider will be disconnected​. Biller can provide a week’s notice.
3rd party (meter) integration is behind​ schedule. CIS coding is done.
RAG = 
Amber
Reason: 1 High priority issue
3rd party (meter) integration delays are blocking Go-Live
Biller 3
Biller is ready to go live. No outstanding IC Tasks​. CIS tested and ready
Autopay conversion data has not been received (a must for go-live)​
RAG = 
Green
Reason: No High priority issues
Biller 4
New Integration​. 
Biller moving to new CIS.
The integrator is not responsive and hasn’t started.
RAG = 
???
Biller 5
UAT signed off by biller, CIS, and third-party vendors
Conversions tested successfully
The client sent out marketing notifications to customers
CIS, billers, third-party vendors, and IC discussing pre-go live activities
RAG = 
Green
Moving a project from Red to Green
Dont Go Red in First Place 
All kidding aside, projects rarely shift from green to red overnight. They typically show a yellow status for some time. During this period, it’s 
crucial
 to manage risks and issues diligently, executing risk mitigation plans as risks materialize and become issues. Engage your manager and quickly develop a plan to bring the project back to green, then prioritize implementing that plan. Ideally, proactive risk management while the project is still in the green will keep it on track, avoiding a shift to yellow altogether.
Add More Resources or Time
When a project’s status is red, it will miss its deadline unless additional time is created. What creates more time? People. You can be creative here. It may not necessarily mean hiring more staff. It could involve the current team working longer hours or weekends to navigate a crisis, which, though not ideal, can be effective for short periods. Alternatively, you could bring in a temporary contractor workforce to cover a second shift. While adding people can increase the time available, avoid hastily adding full-time employees.
Change Scope
This approach isn't always possible, but on some larger more complex projects it should be considered.  Sometimes timelines can be reduced by reducing the project’s scope.  Start by asking the tough question, “Does everything in this project need to be completed by this date, or can some parts be delivered later?” A phased approach is often acceptable. Delivering 80% of the value now may be preferable to waiting for 100% later. While not ideal, it is a practical solution.
Change Go-Live Date
Finally, and least favorable, is to agree to push the Go-Live date out. External forces that no one saw coming may be at play, that you have no control over, and can’t be overcome.  The only answer is to set a new GL date. It goes against Project Management best practices, especially if the original date was well-planned and reasonable, so should not be taken lightly, but often time is the only viable path forward.  After the GL date is revised, and the high priority issues are now within the schedule, 
confirm with your manager
, and update the RAG status to Green and reset the Go-Live date.
Make sure to log a CAPA if the GL date pushes out of the month.  
How to Log CAPA issue
 
Project State Definitions
The below project states should be used in SmartSheet to communicate to internal stakeholders the current state of the project.  They can be updated in the Project Summary SmartSheet artifact.
Status
Description
Comments
Active
The project is currently being worked on.
Deferred
Project start is deferred to a later date due to a dependency (technical or team availability), but there is a clear path for the implementation. No blockers per se.
•Delayed project start due to biller request
•Waiting on CIS installation to progress. (Existing integration with CIS)
Blocked
There is an internal or external blocker that is preventing this project from starting or progressing. The blocker is unresolved but is not posing a risk to delivering the project. There is a plan for the blocker.
•There is no integration with the CIS, but it’s on the roadmap
•Required product requests are outstanding, but in progress
Delivery Risk
Project escalation. The project delivery, in its entirety, is uncertain. The project is stuck. Help is needed to resolve a problem. Sales involvement is needed to agree on next steps (reengage, seek legal action, cancel).
•There is no integration with the CIS, and not on the roadmap
•Biller is unresponsive/unwilling to move forward
•No plan/path to resolve showstoppers
Pending Cancellation
The project has already been escalated and discussed internally. The status is changed in agreement with sales
•Final state before being cancelled
Cancelled
The project has not finished, and work on the project will not continue. Projects can only be canceled after internal approval from sales.
•Will archive the project
•Must be spelled as “Cancelled” with one L (otherwise it won’t archive)
Completed
Work on the project has finished, and all deliverables/tasks have been completed. Project can be archived
Q & A
Q:
 
I’ve mastered the confidence level, why are we now adding RAG status? Aren’t they basically the same?
A: 
The RAG status is commonly used in project management, while the confidence level is unique to Invoice Cloud. They both signify the health of the project and are used the same way. We are phasing out the confidence level and are switching to RAG.
The good news is that there is a 1:1 correlation between confidence level and RAG status. Please use the RAG Status Description Table above for the “conversion”.
Q:
 
My project tasks are on track but I have an external dependency I cannot control. My confidence in the Go-Live date is low (25%), but my tasks are complete. Should I set my RAG status to Green?
A: 
The RAG status indicates whether we can hit our go-live date. It does not stand for project progress or task completion. If your confidence is low, set the RAG status to Red. 
Q: As of which date should I start setting the RAG status?
A:
 As of June 10th 2024.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3141894241/Project+RAG+Status+Project+State+definitions