Runbook name
 Project Complexity Level Assessment
Description
 
On this page
1
6
false
disc
list
true
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
1.0
Page created
Summary
As part of our ongoing efforts to standardize project evaluation and ensure effective resource allocation, we have implemented a structured approach to assess the complexity of each project. This assessment is grounded in a point-based system that evaluates key factors contributing to project complexity. The total points accumulated from these factors provide a clear measure of the project's overall complexity, guiding our project planning and execution strategies as well as data analytics. 
Complexity Factors
The complexity level is determined by evaluating specific factors that were part of the scoping during the sales process and are known at the time of intake. These factors can be found in the Questions column with the corresponding Selection Options below and apply to both GUB and FS new biller projects.
 
Comments:
Integration type: Integrations that have less than 2 customers live are considered not mature. If the integration hasn’t been successfully repeatable (still regular changes), please also mark as not mature.
Portal: For existing SSO integrations, use the “Existing 3rd Party Portal Integration” option. For new SSO integrations use the “NEW portal Integration” option.
Vendors: Only select if the 3rd party is tied to the IC landscape. If it’s a completely separate integration outside of IC, do not give points.
Number of EBPP invoice types: Please do not count standard cloud stores or cloud pay. Only count cloud stores if a custom payment file is part of the requirements that needs engineering work and integration.
Phased approach: Please select Yes if 
your
 project will involve a conversion such as an initial launch on CS and then a conversion to EBPP, or a launch on the IC portal and a subsequent switch to a 3rd party portal.  Please select No if the scope of the initial launch is only phase 1 with a potential future project handled by the conversion team. 
More than one core system: Most commonly used for FS. The best example is two EBPP invoice types pointing to two different core systems. Cloud Pays do not count. Those are considered under Vendors.
Complexity Scoring 
To calculate the project's complexity, we use a combination of option buttons and checkboxes in our evaluation form. For each factor, specific options are presented with predefined points. Option buttons allow for a single choice among mutually exclusive options, while checkboxes accommodate multiple selections where applicable. The total points from all selected options and checkboxes are summed to provide a final complexity score. This score directly correlates with the project's complexity level, guiding us in resource planning and risk management. 
The questions are answered at the time of intake yielding a total point score or complexity score that categorizes the project as Level 1, 2 or 3; with 1 being the least complex project.
The total points map to the Levels the following way:
Total Points
Level
5-7
Level 1
8-9
Level 2
10+
Level 3
< $50K
Enterprise
Note: Projects over $50K MRR will be marked as enterprise regardless of the complexity score.
Scoring Process
Download the scoring excel from here: 
 
Evaluate the new biller project based on information provided in the Salesforce Opportunity, BOF and Sales Engineer Notes (if any) using the spreadsheet
Record the Total Points and the complexity level on the Intake Sheet in Smartsheets at the time of Intake.
Screenshot results and save as “BID - Biller Name” (e.g. 4392 - Inver Grove) on 
Sharepoint
The Complexity Level will be automatically transferred to the Master Project Tracking, allowing for filtering and reporting.
Summary
Complexity Levels allow similar projects to be grouped together and to be treated similarly. Projects that score fewer total points resulting in a lower level number (eg Level 1 vs Level 3) reflect lesser complexity. These projects typically require fewer resources, have lower risk, and can be completed in a shorter timeframe. Conversely, projects with higher total points indicate a higher complexity, necessitating greater resources, more extensive planning, and increased risk management. 
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3311009807/Project+Complexity+Level+Assessment