 For Payers
Name
Added By
Description
Justification
Amazon Pay
 
 
Support Amazon Pay as a payment method.
Competitive with Paymentus
Additional payment method support; higher conversions
Express Mobile Checkout
 
 
From a mobile device, support Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal, Amazon Pay upfront without requiring a payer to go through any of our other pages.
Mobile-first shift demands smoother payment experiences
Drive conversion rate (Requires Pendo analysis)
Apple Pay AutoPay Support
 
 
Allow Apple Pay to sign up for AutoPay.
AutoPay conversion increase
Payer satisfaction
Customer Self Service capabilities
 
 
Support start/stop service, consumption graphs, Report an Outage, deposit payments, move in move out
Unlock AUS market opportunity, 64 prospects at $10.7M ARR. Several other partners as well.
Gmail Improvements: One Click Actions, Email Markup
 
 
Allow support for Gmail’s 
One Click Actions
 to perform One Click Pay. Consider alternative actions for other emails including 
Email Markup
. 
Drive payment conversions.
Support Paperless at the User Level
 
 
Allow paperless settings for multiple users on an account.
Muni-Link: All customers (35?) asking for this. Need to deliver to become sole EBPP provider.
IdP-initiated model for SSO
 
We currently support SP-inidiated, but GAFB (and possibly others) are asking that we support IdP-initiated
There are billers we can’t support today (or they’ll need to use redirect)
 For Billers
Name
Added By
Description
Justification
Self-Serve Cloudstores
 
 
Give billers the ability to add cloudstores on their own, including all related configuration
Quicker access to revenue
Less demand on internal support staff
Terminal Initiated Payments for PAX Devices
 
 
Give billers the ability to take POS payments directly from a device.
Take payments remotely (Cloud Store on A920 with SIM, Field visits, On site meter unlocks)
Drive additional revenue and biller satisfaction
Need to investigate Waste Management use cases
Biller Portal redesign
 
 
Substantial overhaul of Biller Portal tailored to dominant personas with a focus on task efficiency and clean UI
Current biller portal is difficult to understand and use, and the design is outdated.  One-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work anymore.
Biller dashboard
 
 
Pulling together key process and adoption data and presenting it to billers via the portal.
Most process data is unavailable or difficult to find today.
No adoption data is available, we’re missing an opportunity to tell a good story.
Quick-Start guide/functionality
 
 
Batching sync with Chase (and any other processors who need it)
 
Data Pump redesign
 
 
Tighter KB integration
 
 
 For Internal Staff
Name
Added By
Description
Justification
Batch close ERSO
 
 
ACH reject rearchitecture
 
 
Integration360
 
October 7, 2022
Improvements to serve both Implementations and Conversions with Biller Wizards for faster implementation and easier configuration with pre set partner configs that allow a one click biller back end set up.
 Other
Name
Added By
Description
Justification
Better Tyler Incode Integration
 
 
Remove friction from billers' processes by either supporting manual tasks or automating through APIs that we don’t have access to.
$2.3M MRR opportunity with Incode billers
Braintree (Altimetrik)
 
 
Amex funding changes
 
 
Chase changes 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2345271297/Project+Candidates+for+2023