Runbook name
 Project Escalation Process
Description
 
On this page
none
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
10/23/24
Kinga Dobriban
 1.0
 Created
11/27/24
Kinga Dobriban
 1.1
 Updated
Summary
 The purpose of this document to outline project escalations for new biller launches:
to ensure timely issue identification
to define the types of events and issues that need escalating
to define the escalation process, timing and communication
Definitions
Escalation
: A situation that requires to be elevated in order to avoid a negative outcome; typically through a formal process to highlight an issue to management / responsible party.
Issue
: A problem that 
has occurred
 that could impede the project from meeting its objectives.
Risk
: A 
potential
 event or condition that may impact the project in the future.
Escalation Reasons 
Gain urgency 
Example: The resolution can follow the typical process BUT needs to jump to the top of the priority list to avoid an adverse outcome
Chart a new path/process
 
Example: The situation is different from any encountered before and the established processes are not applicable or adequate. 
Visibility and Awareness.
 
Types of Problems to Escalate
Critical Risk
 – Significantly impacts the overall project (multiple areas such as scope, timeline, etc). May result in “Delivery Risk” status. 
 
Examples:
Biller doesn’t have necessary interfaces/modules for the IC integration and is not willing to obtain them
There is no integration and an integration might not be built
Biller is requesting a project pause or cancellation
Note
: By definition, a Critical Risk means a 
red RAG
 status, and 
immediate
 escalation for projects over $10K MRR. 
Issues impacting the GL date 
(Timeline is impacted)
Examples:
Dev work not completing on time
Integration not released on time
Underlying dependencies (CIS installation) delayed
Note: 
If your go live date is moving more than a month or is moving 
out of the quarter
, escalate to your manager. Set the 
RAG to red.
Scope Creep 
(Scope is impacted)
Examples:
Customer is requesting add-ons, new features or integration changes that were initially not identified and are not part of the contract/SOW
Note
: If these are identified as showstoppers or critical deliverables for go-live, escalate internally. If the requests requires engineering work (e.g.: brand new feature), set the 
RAG to red. 
Compliance/Regulatory Issues
Examples
Customer is unwilling to sign required boarding paperwork (e.g: Caldwell County)
Customer expresses PCI compliance concerns (e.g: Lakeville with BS&A Magtek swipers)
Customer has underwriting trouble (American Samoa - a US territory - could not be boarded with Chase)
Note: Set the 
RAG to red
 for go-live blockers.
Resource / Capacity Impact
Example
Customer is requesting a phased approach resulting in a conversion (CIS platform or Engagement portal change) requiring an extended period of IC involvement / input from other departments
Decision Making Delays 
(Project governance issues)
Example:
Critical decisions are not made in a timely fashion by the biller (impacting timeline)
Sudden departure of decision maker (treasurer retires, etc)
Note: The RAG is 
amber
 or 
red 
depending on the impact on your project.
Stakeholder engagement changes
Example:
Biller not responsive (doesn’t show up to calls, goes cold)
Note: Escalate to the sales person. One missed call with no communication means 
amber RAG
, two missed calls 
red RAG.
Product issues / Bugs / Technical issues 
(unintended or adverse functionality)
Example:
Biller is having issues staying connected to our FTP (IC firewall problem)
Biller is not receiving any IC biller portal emails due to security factors (showstopper)
Note: Depending how these impact your timeline, the RAG is 
amber
 or 
red
Escalation Steps
Always start with trying to resolve the issue or by exploring workarounds. Use existing resources (confluence, Implementations slack channel) and reach out to the TC or Team Lead to work/triage the problem.
Once it’s determined that the issue needs to be escalated, inform your manager or the PM on your project.
Red
 and
 Amber
 RAG statuses should be escalated. 
RED
 items will likely require immediate escalation.
Treat projects with $10K+ MRR with increased sensitivity/urgency.
Don’t forget to update the RAID log and project admin (RAG, Path to green, Status) as needed.
Escalation Timing and Communication
Evaluate the 
Urgency 
(Time-sensitivity)
High
 Urgency: must be addressed 
immediately
 to prevent catastrophic project failure or irreparable damage /  relationship harm. (e.g: issues on go-live date delaying go-live, live production impact such as account mapping problems or misfired emails, etc). 
Medium
 Urgency: issue is important but doesn’t need to be resolved immediately. (e.g: must be resolved by next autopay run, defined timeline, etc) 
Next scheduled meeting
, same week is sufficient.
Low
 Urgency: The issue is 
routine
 and can be handled during standard project discussions. No significant threat to the overall project.
Low Urgency
Medium Urgency
High Urgency
Communication Method
Internal email, comment in Smartsheets tagging manager, next scheduled 1:1 are all fine
File Jira ticket as needed
Schedule a meeting to address the issue with all internal stakeholders.
Provide details in writing (include jira, background, etc) in prep for meeting
Slack/Call your manager, raise immediate awareness
Set up Slack channel with all internal stakeholders, start zoom meeting for active problem solving
Push for responses
Timing
Same or next week
1-2 days / up to a week
Immediately
Action items
Set RAG = Green 
 /Amber 
 
Set path to Green
Update RAID log
Set RAG = Amber 
 /Red 
 
Set path to Green
Update RAID log
Set RAG = Red 
 
Set path to Green
Update RAID log
Escalation Best Practices
Arrange a separate call or meeting to discuss the matter
Keep the conversation focused on the subject at hand
Do not bundle together multiple issues
Share the information (background/context, severity, solution options attempted, project impact)
Escalate to your manager or the person who can make the decision you need
Don’t forget your project admin (
RAG and Status
)
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3183116291/Project+Escalation+Process