Runbook 
Provisioning Guide
Description
Project provisioning is the key element in the creation of data to be used throughout the project lifecycle by the Implementation Manager and key Stakeholders who have a vested interest in the successful completion of a project. 
Content
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 11/15/2023
Rick Williams
1.3
Created provisioning guide.
04/16/2024
Lois Powers
1.4
Edited spelling and loaded guide. 
05/16/2025
Lois Powers
1.5
Updated Guide as blueprints have changed and added steps.
Summary
Purpose
Project provisioning is the key element in the creation of data to be used throughout the project lifecycle by the Implementation Manager and key Stakeholders who have a vested interest in the successful completion of a project. This guide is intended to assist in the provisioning of projects using Smartsheet Control Center.
Audience
The intended use will be primarily Implementation Managers and Enterprise Project Managers who use Smartsheet to manage the Biller Implementations.
note
Process


Process


Project Provisioning Guide.docx
 On SharePoint
Steps
Description
Screenshots
1
Access to the Control Center
When a new project has been assigned the Control Center in Smartsheet can be accessed in two areas:
Control Center link near the top under Shortcuts.
On the side bar in your Smartsheet by clicking on the 9-dot cube near the bottom. 
2
Control Center
In the Control Center click on Create Project.
3
Select Blueprint
Select the correct Blueprint for your project. 
Examples:
Large is used for all New/Custom/Existing Integrations.
Platform Conversions/Upgrade is used for conversion projects. 
Small is used for Add-On projects.
4
Blueprint Templates 
Each blueprint has required templates for the blueprint build. Some blueprints also have software partner specific optional templates that can be checked off to have added to the build. Then click Next.
5
Profile Data
At the Profile Data page use the dropdowns on the Filters section to find your project:
Project Type
Implementation Manager
Project Title
Then click Next.
6
Sharing 
Sharing is where you can add more people who can Editors (Cannot Share) or Viewers. If you do not know who needs those permissions on your project, they can also be added after the project is created. 
Next click on Create. The blueprint will work to build your project dashboard with all the required and optional (if selected) pages. This process does take some time to complete the build. 
Once complete the project will show on your PM Dashboard with a link to the project dashboard. 
7
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3180298241/Provisioning+New+Project