1
6
false
disc
list
true
  Exposing Services
Outcomes from meeting on 2025-03-04:
  First choice is to expose with the existing Nginx ingress controller
see 
docs
 had a negative experience with this in the past. Looking to hear more about that and have a backup plan prepared in case this doesn’t work out for us
We choose this option 
PLAT-2076
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
  Second choice is to expose with a new Azure load balancer
Each proxy service would be exposed in Kubernetes using a load balancer type service (each will have a separate IP)
Single client-facing load balancer will have each of those K8s load balancers registered as backend pools
Client-facing load balancer will have a load balancing rule to route traffic from port X to a specific backend service
 Upgrading to Dotnet Core
Outcomes from meeting on 2025-03-04:
WCF is not supported in Dotnet >= 5
uses 
gRPC
 instead
Bring WCF apps to the latest .NET with CoreWCF and Upgrade Assistant - .NET Blog
GitHub - CoreWCF/CoreWCF: Main repository for the Core WCF project
Outcome: need to POC a conversion of one proxy to dotnet core using CoreWCF. Evaluation should give us a sense of the time, effort, and risk involved in making this upgrade. That knowledge will allow us to make a decision. TBD on who will do this POC and when. Ideally, an app team would own these applications and make this POC. Nobody owns proxies today; might need to be Platform/Architecture that runs this. Could be Build Breakers.
Upgrading to dotnet core is not a showstopper. Worst-case scenario, we just go ahead and run the containerization using Windows containers.
  We are not upgrading to .NET Core for initial K8s Hosted Rollout.
 Which VNet to Land the K8s Cluster
We have discovered that the Proxy Azure Load Balancer requires the Backends it balances traffic for to be in the same VNet and Location as the Load Balancer Front End IP.  Therefore we have to decide which path forward.
Options
Put the K8s Cluster in the Legacy VNets
InternalNetwork
Preview can span 
10.0.32.0/24
 thru 
10.0.34.0/24
Prod can span 
10.0.58.0/24
 thru 
10.0.60.0/24
vnet-east-infraQAcommon-dev
SBX can span 
10.31.2.0/24
 thru 
10.31.4.0/24
DEV can span 
10.31.5.0/24
 thru 
10.31.7.0/24
IAT can span 
10.31.8.0/24
 thru 
10.31.10.0/24
QAR can span 
10.31.11.0/24
 thru 
10.31.13.0/24
Move the Proxy VMs to the new Proxy VNet we created per our original plan before this discovery.
We want to limit the scope of new things on our critical services that have a heavy traffic load.
Some type of NAT'ing in the Legacy Network to the Proxy
Too much added complexity
Switch to use App Gateway 
In Preview
, probably do not want to rely on Preview Version.
Would only be used for the Rollout, and would then be destroyed after we move all traffic to K8s hosted Proxies.
We should not use Preview Feature for Critical Services
A Load Balancer Type that allows for Backends in different VNets
We want to limit the scope of new things on our critical services that have a heavy traffic load.
Follow Up
After exploring the specifics of the implementation of the 
Put the K8s Cluster in the Legacy VNets
 decision made above and getting a better understanding of the tech debt ramifications (dealing with a Network with no Private DNS support, the amount of unique RBAC the Infrastructure Service Principals will need, having to put Sandbox Cluster in DevTest or have Sandbox Cluster in its own VNet in Sandbox Subscription or setting up some type of Legacy VNet parity in Sandbox) it is my opinion this option is not as a desirable option as I originally thought.  I think a better option would be to wait until all the Proxies are deployed to a given Environment, then start cutting over Server by Server as a Canary Rollout.  I think this actually has some advantages as it would allow us easily to understand if the Errors we see are related to the K8s Hosted Proxy Services as the Error Profiles for the Server(s) cutover would be very different from the other Servers that were not cutover which would be very valuable when running down Errors once the Canary Rollout begins.
 Follow Up Pivot
Commit to the end of Second Month (end of August) in Q3 for all Proxy Services ready to move into QAR Testing and then promote up when all successful  
 
 
 
We will go back to the new Spoke for the Proxy Clusters and do single server cutover to all 4 new K8s Histed Services at the same time. 
 
 
Canary Rollout Strategy
Blockers to start the Rollout
No response for long running operations more than 5 minutes
Observed in the following Environments using the WCF Testing Tools
In DEV
 AVD to VM Hosted does not work for long running
 App Server to VM Hosted does work for long running
 AVD to K8s Hosted does not work for long running
 App Server to K8s Hosted 
 rechecking
 VM on itself does work for long running
 K8s on itself 
 testing
In PRD
 AVD to VM Hosted does work for long running
 App Server to VM Hosted does work for long running 
 and 
 
  AVD to K8s Hosted does not work for long running
 The Load Balancer Timeout change was not applied 
 
 App Server to K8s Hosted 
 and 
 to work together to test this
Phase 1
 URL:/spaces/platform/pages/4083417108/Proxy+Containerization+Effort