What Went Well?
What Went Less Well?
Try Next?
What puzzles?
Although integration and package version issues led to delays in delivering the initial integration stories, the analysis and resolutions achieved during this sprint have established a stronger foundation that will accelerate future integration efforts 
Senior dev helped in giving hints which helped us in locating one point where got stuck (at last)
Learned and implemented new changes package/config related learnings & good support from teammates resolving those
Learned how to navigate within different interlinked repositories  . 
Careful consideration of story points is essential for the initial integration into our systems
Speed thrills but kills, initially I found it easy to understand the documentation requirements but due to hurry I missed one pt. and completed it at the last moment.
Faced delays due to environment and packages installation issues and also communication gaps during standups like unclear updates led to confusion.
After commitment, we still spiling as much as 7 pointers.
There is a need to strengthen basic analysis and issue understanding, and to improve consistency in following coding standards and the existing code structure
Even after committing to work, we did not do a good job at analyzing the stories and work involved.
QAR regression took more time than anticipated
Understanding of the problem statement from the Database perspective . 
To prevent delays, we should avoid including interdependent stories in the same sprint.
I look forward to implementing those features which I documented(pulse-171)
Better analysis.
Be more specific and concise during standups & also avoid over committing.
Proactively clarify blockers with teammates instead of waiting.
Stick to commitments.
Improved Analysis and strategy to understand the workflow.
Unaddressed vulnerabilities in existing packages for repos
Should be ready with dependency first and then should have started with actual implementation in our projects.
The current workflow in existing repositories.
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4555767820/PULSE+Sprint+2025.16+-+Retro