Page Navigation:
Document status
complete
Green
 
Document owner
 
Knowledge transfer
Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Quality Data Solutions
Software Product Name
Q Search
Software Cashiering System
N/A
Supported Versions
All
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
N/A
Vertical
GUB
Sample Biller Implementation
2896, 3067
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal N
Partner Hosted Test Portal N
Biller Test Portal - Needed? N - Required? N
Rules of Engagement
After kick off call email QDS with the coding requirements and request sample files (see 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IM/pages/2246967297/Quality+Data+Systems+%28QDS%29+Implementation+Details#Partner-Coding-Requirements
 below)
Timeline 
60-90 Days
Configuration
Invoice Types
Each QDS bill type is tied to an invoice type on the IC side. IC then creates invoices based on these two digit codes passed to us in the Biller's invoice files or during checkout. Below are the supported bill types for QDS thus far and the corresponding IC invoice types. We may add additional types if requested via the integration modification process.
QDS Bill Type
IC Invoice Type
Description
1
8
Real Estate
2
7
Personal Property
3
33
Motor Vehicle
4
33
Motor Vehicle Supplemental
5
18
Sewer Assessment
06/08/10/11/12/15
3
Sewer 
7
15
Various Bill Types (Trash Sanitation/Elderly Real Estate/Etc.)
QDS may support additional bill types for the Biller but if they are not in the list above IC will not be able to create invoices successfully for those types. In many cases a CloudStore is used to support additional payments for the Biller. If the biller uses additional bill types that are not supported or have not been integrated, a jump from QDSCart to InvoiceCloud may result in an error as no invoice information will be able to be retrieved for the customer to pay.
Virtual Site
Payers should always be routed through QDS Q-Search to search for bills. In order to maintain this functionality, there are special settings in the Virtual Site that need to be activated:
Activate CloudStore in the Product tab in CRM and name the CloudStore anything you'd like (Pay, Pay Now, Search for Account, Etc.)
Select Custom URL and enter the Q-Search URL (
http://www.mytaxbill.org/inet/bill/home.do?town=BILLERNAME)
Reroute the link under the biller's logo on the virtual site by adding Advance Setting #5 in CRM.
QDS assigns two digit codes to the different bill types associated with each Biller. These bill types are used in the Biller's native system and by the payers to locate their bills in the 
mytaxbill.org
 website. These are examples of the different ways to search on the Biller's website. 
Required Options
ID
Option Description
Details
46
QDS - AutoConveyance on JSON Data
By default, we do not perform auto conveyance. Enable this feature and qds billers will have auto-conveyance during real time data refresh JSON calls, keeping outstanding bills with the new owner
This option is 
Off
 by default.
Must be enabled
5
Customer Portal Home Button Redirect
Must be enabled
Coding Requirements
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
What
Provided By
When
note
Important Details


Important Details


Invoice Data
QDS
Upon Request
Data specific for biller
NOTE: 
Integrator FTP Credentials are used. 
QDS loads the BIF in the qds FTP to the specific town code folder. 
Payment File
InvoiceCloud
Daily
Specific to each biller.  Lockbox attachment to email.  IT provides sample file. 
The payment file is configured to be delivered via email to the email address setup to receive the ‘Batch Close Notification Email’ in the biller portal.
Bill Presentment
N/A
Standard QDS bill presentment is available when integration coding is configured
RTDR API
Is the data generic or unique/specific to each biller?
RTDR Passcode
Is the data generic or unique/specific to each biller?
Whitelisting IP Addresses
Invoice Cloud
Upon project assignment 
Range of IP addresses to whitelist
Town Code 
QDS
Upon Request 
You may find town code on the PDF.  If not, biller needs to contact QDS and provide to IC.  This is required for file processing.  
Partner Coding Requirements
After kick off call email QDS - Sample emails below
SAMPLE EMAIL - QDS SETUP:
Hi Nok -
I just had a call with BILLER and we are ready to begin their implementation!
Biller GUID (QDS CZ value):
Webservice Key:
Do you have everything you need from the tax collector?
When do you think you’ll have Q-search set up to point to Invoice Cloud? Go live is set for:
I look forward to working with you! Let me know what I can do to help.
SAMPLE EMAIL - SAMPLE FILE REQUEST:
Hi Tammy –
I am working with BILLER as they begin their implementation with Invoice cloud. When available, can you please provide me with their sample data files for 
INVOICE TYPES
? Please send them to me in a response to this email. 
What
Provided To
When
note
Important Details


Important Details


Biller Name
QDS
Project Assignment 
Sent in sample email to Tammy
Biller GUID TEST
QDS
Project Assignment 
Known to QDS as CZ Value
WebService Key TEST
QDS
Project Assignment 
Biller GUID PROD
QDS
Project Assignment 
Known to QDS as CZ Value
WebService Key PROD
QDS
Project Assignment 
Invoice Type ID
QDS
Project Assignment 
Products Biller Signed Up For
QDS
Project Assignment 
IVR Setup
IVR Setup
NOTE: Sample bills images are needed to determine IVR search methods will work. Mailed bills are different than Q-Search images.
Motor Vehicle: TaxSearch1
Important : If the Biller has MV Supplemental, suggest they do not setup IVR for them. MV and MVS can have the same bill year and account number with only the middle code being different, thus, someone could pay thinking they are paying their own account when in actuality they are paying another.
Special Instructions:
Please enter the first 4 digits of your List/Bill Number, then press the pound key.
Please enter the last 7 digits of your Bill/List Number, minus any leading zeros, then press the pound key.
Personal Property: TaxSearch1
Special Instructions:
Please enter the first 4 digits of your Bill/List Number, then press the pound key.
Please enter the last 7 digits of your Bill/List Number, minus any leading zeros, then press the pound key.
Real Estate: TaxSearch1
Special Instructions:
Please enter the first 4 digits of your List/Bill Number, then press the pound key.
Please enter the last 7 digits of your List/Bill Number, minus any leading zeros, then press the pound key.
Utility: UtilitySearch3 with option TRIMLEADINGZEROSPARAM1
Special Instructions:
Please enter the last 7 digits of your Unique ID. then press the pound key.
Potential Issues
Interest and Lien are being divided across installments.
This is the biggest. According to CT state law, all interest and liens need to be paid off before a payment to the principal is paid. Right now we are dividing those across multiple installments so when a customer pays, they are technically paying the installment and not the total interest and lien first. Within QDS, the payment file removes the payment amount from the total so they are technically paying the interest and lien first but that isn't displayed on IC.
IVR issues
Motor Vehicle
Motor Vehicle and Motor Vehicle Supplemental can sometimes share the same bill year and bill number and with how we coded, they are under the same invoice type and cannot be separated. We can’t offer (or shouldn’t offer) IVR for Motor Vehicle because customers can pay someone else’s bill.
Doesn’t present the total balance
IVR can only give the balance on the oldest invoice able to be paid which, when it comes to installments, could be a third or half of the total bill. Billers have complained that we aren’t giving the total balance and are making the customers think they only owe half and not the whole. Cities like Hartford requested a blurb at the beginning of the IVR but it’s still a problem and becomes lengthy.
POSConnect
The way QDS and we integrated to POSConnect was to require they use the same invoice type as the online invoice. Due to QDS having the integrated cashiering solution, they are updated in real time and we don’t pass the payment in the payment file. The problem with that is that in the settlement report, we are still counting it so the Biller sees one total, uploads the payment file and gets a completely different total so they have to do manual work to reconcile.
An attempt was made to have QDS institute an invoice type of 0 for “Over the Counter” so it would be separate from deposits, but the change on one customer would affect all QDS customers. They were open to it but it would break all the other accounts we have currently functioning.
IMPORTANT: QDS hardcodes fees in their system. Any fee changes need to be updated on their end. Refer Salesforce Case # 8450
Multiple Installments in shopping cart
When a customer chooses their bill in QDS and it is redirected to Invoice Cloud, we separate that bill out into installments. If a customer wants to just pay one installment, they have to remove the other installment manually from the shopping cart. We require that both installments need to be paid in order to proceed so a customer can’t just put zero on the other installment.
Due date with installments
When we get a bill and split it into installments, we only pull the first installments due date. So even if the bill is required to be paid in full two months after the first installment due date on our side it shows as being past due.
QDS busy season is May/June, and they typically do not have current BIFs to test tax (e.g. Connecticut billers invoice property taxes starting 7/1)
PDF Presentment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        In order for PDFs to present on IC they must be visible on Q-Search if Biller is using QDS for presentment. 
Testing payments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          To test payments and functionality you must get account numbers from the biller that have a balance due visible on Q-Search.
Contacts
Name
Email
Role
Nok Sookvaree
jsookvaree@qds.biz
Technical contact responsible for setup of integration.
Tammy A Allison
tallison@qds.biz
Implementation manager.  Provides biller instruction on generating sample files for IC.
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/2246967297/Quality+Data+Systems+QDS+Implementation+Details