This page serves as a guide over whitelisting BID’s to our Google Recaptcha check.
We want to make sure that the biller is requesting the Recaptcha process to whitelisted, and the issue is occurring for many of their customers. The usual issue for recaptcha issues are failures to get to the next page and/or having the recaptcha challenge box showing up repeatedly.
After we confirm that the biller is requesting to whitelist their bid. 
We have to make an SPAM story in Jira 
Title
Recaptcha Whitelist - {Bids or single BID}
Description
The following billers have request to whitelist their Bids from our Recaptcha system.
{bid} - {BID name}
After the Jira item is in place we need to create a new branch on MyIIS repo and name it over the SPAM item.
Head into MyIIS web.config file and head over to the Recaptcha list of bids 
Add the requested bids and comment the bid that got added into the list of commented billers.
Create the PR and name it after the SPAM item and the PR link and Branch to the SPAM item under the engineering tab
Under the test coverage add the test “SPAM-13983“ This test was made for recaptcha bid Whitelisting.
Assign the test engineer to a different team member and let them set it to pass.
Now we got to get the PR approved by reaching out to two team members to review and approve the PR. 
Then we can reach out to 
 or 
 to approve our PR for these changes.
Ensure that all required checks are successful such as successful build pipelines and code coverage checks if necessary
After the PR is completed we can add a fix version to our SPAM item that has to have a minimum of 2 days before release. 
// If your PR gets complete on monday, you can’t release on tuesday but can release on thursday.
After the fix version is added, set the SPAM item to Deployment Queue and the SRE team will handle moving the item going forward
Who is responsible for deploying the code?
Product reliability is responsible of making the changes, and the scrum team is responsible to deploy the changes. The scrum team ultimately owns the product, and must be in the loop regarding any changes.
Post Production Checks
The developer who made the changes is responsible of reaching out to CS to communicate the changes, and CS is responsible of asking the biller is the change is working as expected. Once we get confirmation from the biller the SPAM item could be considered done.
Here is an example of a Recaptcha SPAM Item
[EBPP-21640] ReCAPTCHA - Add BIDs to Recaptcha whitelist - JIRA (atlassian.net)
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3476881422/Recaptcha+Whitelisting+Process+Document