Introduction
This page will go over how to manually reprocess payment. This is performed by using a console application that was quickly created by the product team to resolve issues. This application is not a well-rounded program with validation so be careful and intentional when using it. It is advised to ask for supervision from Sean or Randy when reprocessing payments once the environment is set up.
Environment Setup
This process must be performed from the Bastion production term servers.
Cloning the Repo
In Visual Studio, clone the CreditBackPayments repo from the Src_Miscellaneous project.
This project contains the code for three main functions:
Voiding Transactions
Crediting Back Payments
Reprocess Payment Transactions
To reprocess payments, we will use the 
ReProcessPaymentIDTransactions
 function.
Create a Branch
Create a branch and name the branch in a similar format to the following:
[Biller DBA]Reprocess[Year]
For example, if BillerID 1244 (Microf) needed to reprocess transactions in 2023, the branch name would be:
microfReprocess2023
Configuring the Function
These are the variables that need to be updated and verified for the appropriate value before executing the program.
Navigate to the 
ReProcessPaymentIDTransactions()
 function.
DBClient, CTP, and Crypto service are already configured and do not need to be modified.
Note: Line numbers may be inaccurate if there have been changes to the master branch.
Variable Name
Value Description
Line Number
bid
Biller ID
25
sql
SQL query that returns the payment records that need to be reprocessed
47
Verify that the SQL query returns the correct payment records. It is recommended that you create your query, get the payment IDs from the query, and create a select query based on the payment IDs.
Note: This function has an Exit Sub call under the ‘sanity check' section that needs to be removed/commented out
Executing the Program
Execution of the program will be done in 
debug mode
.
Before executing, there are recommended breakpoints to set as safety nets in case of any issues.
Recommended Breakpoints:
Set a breakpoint at the ‘paymentData’ variable and view the data table to ensure the correct payment records were found using the query. You can also verify that the row count of the data table is the same as the rows from the query.
Set a breakpoint at the for loop to process 1 payment first and make sure everything is executed as expected.
Set a breakpoint at the call to process the credit, once there is a response, go to the database and verify the credit was processed for the correct amount.
Set a breakpoint in the catch of exceptions in case there of any interruptions, you can identify which payments were already reprocessed and which you will need to continue processing.
In the Main method of Module1, there will be 3 calls for the 3 functions that this project has.
Make sure to comment out voidTransactions() and CreditBackShitTon()
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2679799824/Reprocessing+Payments