 Overview
Review past commitments, whether they were achieved, and note areas for improvement. Discuss areas of product and technical discovery that the team will undertake over the next quarter.
Date
 
Team
IVRTG
Participants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Performance vs. Commit
Bring your list of commitments from the previous quarter into this template. Identify whether each commitment was delivered as expected or was missed. For commitments that were missed, provide details. Link to Jira items. 
Commitment
Commit
Actual
Notes
IC Product - AI Payer Agent MVP Build
 
 
 
Agent is publicly accessible in SBX. Working on enablement.
IC Product - Enhance Adoption Drivers
 
 
Development is complete.
Missed date due to:
Enhancements deployed and rolled back to issues in MyIIS releases.
Incident when rolling out PaymentSourceID: 
INC-123
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
Additional bug identified in AdvancedSearch: 
PRISM-617
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
Waiting on test data.
IC Product - Contact Center Payments
 
 
 
Template completed. Working on enablement.
IC Product - Enhance Multilingual Support
STRETCH GOAL
 
 
 
 
Discovery completed. Implementation in progress.
Compass - Recording Handling Enhancements
 
 
 
Missed date due to work on support escalation. Internal enhancement. No impact to customer commitment.
Compass Broadcast - Ninja Outbound API Migration
 
 
 
Compass Broadcast - Unified Messaging API Migration
 
 
 
Compass Broadcast - Move To DB / Server Side Pagination & Filtering
In-Progress
 
 
On track to wrap up by 7/31.
Compass Broadcast - Increase Throughput
In-Progress
 
 
On track to wrap up by 7/31.
Result
 
 5.5/7 (78.5%)
 
 Retrospective
Collaborate together on what the team should Start doing, Stop doing, and Keep doing. The PM/Tech Lead/Designer should add items to the table below in advance of the meeting. We'll use these to talk about how we can improve our process going forward. 
Be sure you @ the owner of following through on each retrospective item.
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Establish IC-IVRTG integration testing in lower environments to test enhancements to the SOAP API and payment IVR. 
PRISM-630
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
Stop underestimating the impact of support escalations on sprint capacity. These interruptions are frequent enough to warrant dedicated buffer time or a rotating on-call structure. Use the priority matrix to determine urgency and set appropriate expectations if not urgent.
Keep maintaining clear documentation and visibility into in-progress work, which has helped with alignment and tracking.
Keep collaborating cross-functionally during discovery phases — the multilingual support discovery was a strong example of this.
 Discovery
Provide a list of discovery items, both product and technical, that will be discovered over the next quarter. Link to Jira Product Discovery. 
Next Quarter Commitment - IVRTG 2025 Q3
 
 Changes to Current Quarter Plan of Record
If there are any changes to the commitments made for this quarter, share them here. 
Commitment
Change
Notes
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4482990147/Retro+Discovery+-+IVRTG+2025+Q2