Date
November 30, 2023
Team
Build Breakers
Participants
  
 
 
 
Retrospective
Each team member to provide - Good , Bad and Possible Improvements
Team to discuss items provided to generate actionable improvement items
Review Time In Status as the Qualitative aspect of the Retro
What Went Well
What Didn't Go Well
Improvement Items
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Log4Net and IC.Logger tickets are completed +2
All DMARC tickets are either completed or in review.
We are moving a little faster with tickets
Tickets are clearer and this has helped the team to accelerate th delivery process 
Groomng sessions has been very productive 
Team has cultivated better work habits
Having Mirza on the team has been productive as he has been providing clarification on work items and also helps to review tickets as needed.
Better collaboration within the team
Better  awareness regarding flow and the impact of aged tickets on team’s productivity reporting 
TL Review is taking longer than expected.
A few unknown changes in the PR causing delay in review and approval of the PRs.
Aged tickets that were moved back to backlog from In-progress  impacts team’s productivity reporting  with high cycle time when they are moved back to in-progress for execution.  Recommendation is to probably close these tickets and start afresh so they do not impact team’s productivity reporting greatly.
Need to improve on TL Review timeline.
Grooming call needs to be improved in terms of adding needed info/description of each Jira item.
Kirtan should  have pre-grooming meeting with Tony and Mirza to identify  the requirements of an Epic ahead of the grooming meeting with the team. This will  maximize the time available for grooming. 
Acceptance Criteria can be improved. ( Clarity on the ticket would help. Team’s  visibility into what would be groomed ahead of the meeting would go a long way in preparing the team for the session ) 
Dependency management can be improved.
Talk about the tickets that have much time in progress. 
Mexico Team members have Annual Party. They will meet in person for the first time. Exciting….!!
Next year lets have a Invoice cloud party! +11
 
 
 
 
Action Items




1


incomplete


All improvement items are  being actioned by the entire team






2


incomplete


 to action - Kirtan should  have pre-grooming meeting with Tony and Mirza to identify  the requirements of an Epic ahead of the grooming meeting with the team. This will  maximize the time available for grooming. 






3


incomplete


  to action - Grooming call needs to be improved in terms of adding needed info/description of each Jira item.




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/2928181249/Retro+12+07+-+Build+Breakers