Problem Alignment
The Problem
Billers using our Biller Portal face many issues on a regular basis, whether it be an understanding of how to perform a function or understand report output. If a biller has an issue today, their 
options for support are
:
Self Service - Go to our Box repository of support PDFs, linked off the header navigation in the Biller portal
Email helpdesk@invoicecloud.com
Call (901) 737-8686
Create a ticket in Jitbit, either from the Create a Support Ticket button in the Biller Portal or in Jitbit directly
The only self-service option is not easy, and there are no deflection strategies in the second or third.
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
<Fill in metrics about how many support tickets we get a month>
Audience: Who are we building for?
We are building this for our biller end-users of our Biller portal. This is expected to be for billers that are post-implementation.  
High-level Approach
By integrating Salesforce Community & Knowledge with our Biller portal, we are building both an improved self-service support option for our billers and a support case deflection strategy. 
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we have succeeded if we are able to reduce the number of support tickets that come in while increasing our percent of issues that our billers are able to solve themselves. 
Metrics to track:
Explicit Deflection
When a biller goes to create a ticket, we should be able to present support articles that are relevant and the biller should select an article at least 10% of the time, rather than opening a ticket.
Implicit Deflection
Tickets opened, previous 30 days and 30 days post-implementation. Expect a ~5% drop.
Percent of tickets opened via 
helpdesk@invoicecloud.com
 should decrease [need to analyze data to set this one correctly]
“Was this article helpful” - track this for KB articles, expect a >70% thumbs-up rate vs. total ratings.
Solution Alignment
Key Features
Billers can access this gated Community/Knowledge instance without having to explicitly log in to Salesforce. We should support a SSO jump using the biller’s existing biller portal login, and shouldn’t need to ask for re-authentication if the biller is already authenticated in the biller portal. [Not absolutely required for launch but should follow shortly]
All PDF support content moves into Salesforce Knowledge
Support ticket creation in the Biller portal currently points to Jitbit. We need this to point to Salesforce, and not in a web-to-case fashion - we need a case deflection strategy presented at the same time a biller is entering a ticket.
Billers should be able to retrieve data about their currently active support ticket
Billers should be able to search for self-service support from any page in the Biller portal
We need to also use Salesforce Community to build microsites like the PayPal Registration flow.
The Salesforce Community/Knowledge experience needs to be branded with Invoice Cloud branding - ideally following as much of the RocketAir design system as possible so it’s uniform with the future IC biller portal experience.
Key Flows  
Access to Content
Billers should be able to go to the Knowledge Base from any header nav bar on any Biller portal page
Billers need to have the capacity to rate support content to indicate whether it solved their issue
Creating and Managing Support Tickets
Using the existing Request Support option in the header nav bar, billers should be able to link out to Salesforce to create a ticket
We need to have Single Sign On set up so that billers seamlessly jump without having to log in
Once in Salesforce, billers should be able to create a case
While creating a case, recommended support content should be presented to the user as a deflection strategy so that the biller can solve their own problem
We should be able to track when deflections happen
Microsite Capability in Community
We need to be able to link from the Biller portal to Salesforce Community, using the same SSO jump, to pages created there for purposes other than support - i.e. PayPal signup for billers
Launch Readiness
Target Date
Milestone
Description
Exit Criteria
Status
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Support
Biller questions and support
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/905904216/Salesforce+Community+Knowledge+Implementation+One+Pager