Introduction
Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is a standard for logging users into applications based on their sessions in another context. This single sign-on (SSO) login standard has significant advantages over logging in using a username/password:
 No need to type in credentials
No need to remember and renew passwords
No weak passwords
SAML SSO works by transferring the user’s identity from one place (the identity provider) to another (the service provider).
This is done through an exchange of digitally signed XML documents.
A Service Provider (SP) is the entity providing the service, typically in the form of an application
An Identity Provider (IDP) is the entity providing the identities, including the ability to authenticate a user. The Identity Provider typically also contains the user profile: additional information about the user such as first name, last name, job code, phone number, address, etc. Depending on the application, some service providers may require a very simple profile (username, email), while others may require a richer set of user data (job code, department, address, location, manager, etc).
A SAML Request, also known as an authentication request, is generated by the Service Provider to "request" an authentication.
A SAML Response is generated by the Identity Provider. It contains the actual assertion of the authenticated user. In addition, a SAML Response may contain additional information, such as user profile information and group/role information, depending on what the Service Provider can support.
A Service Provider Initiated (SP-initiated) login describes the SAML login flow when initiated by the Service Provider. This is typically triggered when the end user tries to access a resource or login directly on the Service Provider side, such as when the browser tries to access a protected resource on the Service Provider side.
An Identity Provider Initiated (IDP-initiated) login describes the SAML login flow initiated by the Identity Provider. Instead of the SAML flow being triggered by a redirection from the Service Provider, in this flow the Identity Provider initiates a SAML Response that is redirected to the Service Provider to assert the user's identity.
A couple of key things to note:
The Service Provider never directly interacts with the Identity Provider. A browser acts as the agent to carry out all the redirections.
The Service Provider needs to know which Identity Provider to redirect to before it has any idea who the user is.
The Service Provider does not know who the user is until the SAML assertion comes back from the Identity Provider.
This flow does not have to start from the Service Provider. An Identity Provider can initiate an authentication flow.
The SAML authentication flow is asynchronous. The Service Provider does not know if the Identity Provider will ever complete the entire flow. Because of this, the Service Provider does not maintain any state of any authentication requests generated. When the Service Provider receives a response from an Identity Provider, the response must contain all the necessary information.
ICSSOAuthentication Logs 
On Azure Portal:
Go to Azure Portal: 
https://portal.azure.com/#home
 and search for ‘iclogstorage’
Under Data Storage, click on Containers > icstoragelogs
Click on ‘ICSSOAuthentication’
Select the year, month and timestamp for the log in question
On New Relic
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2585231361/SAML+SSO