Immediate goals:
Agree (or disagree) that we’re ready for exec approval
Understand the big rocks involved in the project
Identify the first stories the team can get working on in next sprint so Palash can start creating and grooming
Assign owners to creation of documentation
Requirements
Architecture
User/data flow diagrams
Design mockups
NOTE: we will get a dedicated SecureAuth CSM and architect once we sign a contract and exit the sales phase
Question
Answer
What’s a workspace vs an organization vs an identity pool?  (we currently view billers as an organization)
Workspace = biller portal
Organization = biller
Sub-organization = ?
Identity pool = Groups of users?  How are they relevant at multiple levels? 
 Need SA help
Are identity pools movable?  (to capture org->suborg transition)
What are the first config steps to take?
Do we do an initial config of “default” roles and permissions?
Where is the API documentation for controlling user config from within the BP?
What information do we need from the biller to configure/link their IdP?
Can we stand up a new test IdP to prove the use case?
Email config: Do we want to use our own smtp or SecureAuth?  Does custom domains play a role, or is that only for payer?
Email config: Are we able to customize the branding/styling on the emails?
Branding themes/templates
Should we use org/suborg or org/identitypool for managing users across billers?
What are the user cases we need to satisfy?
Which config activities are needed in the biller portal vs handled by our internal team?
 Answered internally
What does the initial launch look like from a rollout/config perspective?
What does the go-forward boarding process look like?  Plug CRM into SecureAuth APIs?  Display users?  etc
Is there an IC pool that allows IC employees to span across all billers, so they can log in without taking over a biller user account?
How do we simulate an external IdP for demo/testing?
Where are roles/permissions set up in SecureAuth portal?
SCIM for keeping our roles/permissions in sync with external IdP?
Plan to use Okta to manage IC users accessing biller accounts, needs to be a separate IdP not it’s own identity pool
Set up organization templates (in SecureAuth) based on vertical?  or something else?
Need to understand the use cases around:
Biller needs 1 org
Biller needs 1 org with multiple sub-orgs
Biller needs multiple orgs with single sub-org
Biller needs multiple orgs each with multiple sub-orgs
This feels like the right default config to use
Need to build an API script to move users from one identity pool to another
Do we manage individual permissions in SecureAuth, or in BP?  Where are roles managed?
Can use post-auth scripts to automate the creation of roles in BP
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4352180615/SecureAuth+Deep+Dive+Questions