Runbook
Set up a Test BID
Description
This Runbook will outline the steps necessary to set up a TEST BID for a Biller who does not have a current TEST BID but requires one for either their testing purposes, or Partner needs.
Contents
2
Summary
This Runbook will outline the steps necessary to set up a TEST BID for a Biller who does not have a current TEST BID but requires one for either their testing purposes, or Partner needs.
note
Steps


Steps


Steps
Action
Description 
1
Administration Tool
In the CRM access the Administration toolbar heading and select the dropdown for Biller Wizard. 
2
Fill in Biller Wizard Partner Section
From the dropdown list choose the software integration partner listed on the BOF. The authentication type is always “EmailAddress with Password.” From the dropdown list select the Sales Rep as listed on the BOF.
3
Fill in Biller Wizard Product Section
From the requested Products on the BOF select the appropriate box next to the Product.
4
Fill in Biller Wizard Corporate Information Section
Complete the Corporate Information section as provided on the BOF.
5
Fill in Biller Wizard Location Information Section
For the Location Information section, you can check the box next to Same Address as Corporate if the information is the same. Or enter the information from the BOF for the location if different than the corporate mailing address. 
Do not forget to add the Virtual Path name appropriate for the new BID creation.  Typically, this virtual path name should look like the Biller DBA with no spaces. For example, City of Preston = CityofPreston.
Ensure the Demo box is checked, so that the BID is created as a TEST BID.
6
Submit Biller Wizard for BID Creation
Your email should populate in the field to send you an email notification that the Biller Wizard has completed processing.  If you would like to change this address you may. Then click Submit at the bottom of the Biller Wizard.
7
*CAUTION*
Once you hit Submit - DO NOT refresh or resubmit the page.  This will cause a duplicate BID to create. 
8
Access the new BID
Once you receive the email that your BID was successfully created, you can navigate to it in the CRM and carry on with your BID specific set up.
Sample Completed Form with Tips
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3230629892/Set+up+a+Test+BID