Project Status
 Smooth Sailing!
 Dark Clouds Above
 Bad Things, Man
Phase
Discovery
Coding/Testing
Ext Comm
Deployment
Monitoring
Status
Est Completion
 Problem Alignment
Bank deposit reconciliation frustrations are the single biggest complaint billers have with our system.  This is well documented.  The Braintree project is intended to solve this, but that can only happen if we adjust (a) how our system supports settlement configurations, and (b) how we report on these settlement activities in the biller portal.
 Objective
This effort is a portion of the Braintree project.
The objectives are:
Give the boarding/implementation teams an easy-to-use interface to define how funds should be settled to the billers, and ensure it accommodates all scenarios the billers need.
Give the billers a report in the biller portal they can use to EASILY reconcile their bank activity
Daily report
Monthly report - see example/notes from Sissy @ Ardmore
 Requirements
Requirement
Importance
Jira Link
CRM Config…
There should be a dedicated section in CRM for settlement configuration.  This should function completely independently from the terminals and banks section as to not be confusing.
 
This page should present the current matrix of settlement configurations with deposit criteria listed.
 
The default configuration should be single daily deposit, where all funds are settled in one deposit into the billers bank account.
 
There should always be a “catch all” configuration for when all other configurations don’t capture a particular payment.  This is represented by the “Deposit X” above.  The user cannot alter the checkboxes for this deposit, but they will need to edit the name, bank account, and settlement methods by clicking on the Edit link.
The edit link will take them to a config details page where they can edit these details:
In the config details page, the following field attributes are applied:
Deposit Name: this will be what appears in the biller portal, should be text up to a certain length (TBD)
Bank Account: select list that pulls from the bank accounts configured in the Banks section of the CRM.  Will only display the last 4 of account number.
Settlement types: select list with Gross and Net as options.
If the users chooses to add additional settlements, they can do so by clicking the 
+Add new
Blue
  button, which will take them to the details page above.  They provide the details, press submit, and be brought back to the main page where they can edit the settlement options.
The user can define settlements by the following attributes:
Payment Type
Cards (credit, debit) (not at card brand level)
ACH (echecks)
PayPal (paypal, paypal credit, venmo)
Invoice Type
Dynamic list of the invoice types the biller has configured
The user will then add settlements based on biller preference.
If, for example, the biller wants settlements by invoice type, the config may look like this:
Biller Portal reporting…
A new menu option under Reconciliation called Settlements (this may change):
When clicked, the user will be taken to a page where they are given some filters:
Start Date - represents the date of the bank activity, not the payment activity
End Date - represents the date of the bank activity, not the payment activity
Transaction Account - rename to Bank Account
Invoice Type - not sure if this will stay
Transaction Category - not sure if this will stay
Submit button
The resulting report is very much open to redesign, but the concepts that should be included are:
At the date level:
The date of the bank activity
The total aggregate inflow and outflow for that day
We may be able to remove outflow if the biller is set up for all Net settlement
At the settlement level:
The deposit name - taken from CRM config
The bank account - from config, only last 4
The descriptor - some sort of an identifier that also displays on the activity on the biller’s statement
Pmts - count of transactions included in that settlement
Amount - total sum of payment amounts in that settlement
Would be +payments -reversals
Clickable link - see below
Reconciled - see below
Example of single daily deposit:
Example of deposit by invoice type:
Clickable amount link
When clicked, this should take the user to a listing of the payments that are included in this settlement.  Report should mimic payment search, except the last icon under options should be removed.
Reconciled checkbox
To help the user with keeping track of which settlements they’ve reconciled, we want to give them a checkbox they can use.
When this checkbox is enabled, it should save and display the name of the user and the date/time in local timezone.
If the checkbox is unchecked, username/timestamp should be erased.  If it’s checked again, updated (new) username and date/time should be displayed.
Reconciliation audit report
Driving off of the reconciled checkbox, we want to have a report they can pull showing each settlement activity, the activity date, the recon date, and the user.
This is likely a separate page in the biller portal
Report filters would include
Bank Activity start/end
Reconciliation start/end
Reconciled vs Not Reconciled
List of users in a dropdown to choose from
 MoSCoW Analysis
Must Have
Deposits should be configurable by payment type
Deposits should be configurable by invoice type
Standalone config page in CRM
"Catch-all" configuration due to possible complexity
Assign a "name" to each deposit config
Assign a bank account to each deposit config
Select Net or Gross settlement type for each deposit config
Payment type options: Cards, ACH, PayPal
New report in biller portal named Bank Settlements
Settlement report filterable by start/end dates
Settlement report filterable by bank account
Settlement report to display multi-level data
Settlement report to display bank activity date
Settlement report to display aggregate totals per date
Settlement report to display deposit name
Settlement report to display bank account the deposit touched
Settlement report to display deposit descriptor (see below)
Settlement report to display count of payments in the deposit
Settlement report to display net amount of payments
Net amount is clickable link that bounces to filtered payment report
Unique ID in descriptor that ties bank statement to settlement report
Should Have
Settlement report filterable by invoice type
Settlement report filterable by transaction category
Settlement report to display Reconciled checkbox
Checking reconciled checkbox to record/display name and timestamp
Unchecking reconciled checkbox to delete name and timestamp
New page in BP showing audit history of Reconciled checkbox activity
Audit history filterable on dates (bank, reconcile), reconciled, users
Could Have
Deposits should be configurable by payment channel
Deposits configurable by card brand
Deposits configurable by credit card vs debit card
Will Not Have
Will not automatically reconcile deposits for the biller
Will not alter any email or SMS notifications the biller currently receives
Will not attempt to replicate the biller’s bank statement
 Target Audience
Group
Impact
Boarding/Implementations team
Billers (users responsible for reconciliation)
 Components Impacted
Component
Impact
CRM
New page to be added, or a revision to existing page
My (Ryan) preference is to add a new page so we can break out “settlement config” from “bank account config”.
Biller Portal
New page to be added, name TBD (Deposit Config is taken, so maybe Settlement Reconciliation, or Settlement Report).
 Technical Architecture
TBD
 Testing Plan
In Scope
Features/tasks that will be tested
Out of Scope
Features/tasks that will not be tested
Environment/Tools
Where will this be tested and specific tool/knowledge required
Risks
What could impact this plan and mitigation plan
Resources
Any test data, files, settings needed for testing
Assumptions
What useful constraints are in place
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dependencies
TBD
 Assumptions
TBD
 Open Questions
Question
Owner
Answer
Date Answered
What is the thing that we need to know?
 
Here is the answer to that question
Type // to add a date
 Out of Scope
List the features discussed which are out of scope of might be revisited in a later release.
TBD
TBD
TBD
 User Interaction and Design
 Success Metrics
List the project goals and metrics that will be used to determine its success.
Goal
Metric
Current
Good
Great
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2788098064/Settlement+Config+and+Reporting+with+Braintree