Background
We were unaware of the fact that the SSO view of our app is 
significantly different visually
 than our windowed view and were operating under the assumption that our product was the same in all mediums it can be used. Testing in iFrame for UI changes was a gap in our testing process we did not know to do or how to do. *
We take full ownership of this oversight.
Therefore, the frontend team did not realize that migrating bits of CSS out of individual pages files into 
ic-main-style.css
 would be chipping away at the SSO experience because it relies on those styles being present in the individual pages and SSO did not import ic-main-style.css as one would expect it to (
until now
). 
We have been moving styles out of page’s <style> tags and from inline elements on the page to the external sheet(s) as this is a best practice which improves maintainability, readability and reusability.
Problem
Customer’s (SFB) are very used to having a different visual experience in SSO where the layout does not have a grey background like windowed view and is full-width, unlike windowed view.
While we might say that it’s better to have the product the same visually in any medium, this breaks the client’s expectation.
Limitations
At this point it’s very risky to roll back the inclusion of ic-main-style.css due to how long we’ve been migrating styles to it. The QA scope of moving styles back into their respective pages is huge.
Potential Solutions
Within MasterExternalPageSSO.master.vb and MasterSSO1.master.vb where we’ve
 recently included ic-main-style.css
 we could include a conditional which checks for SFB’s BID and then if true, includes a tiny, SFB-specific override stylesheet which brings back the all-white background and full-width layout Victor mentioned they had previously.
PROS
: The visual variation in the product is isolated to one biller only
CONS
: We’re hardcoding biller-specific logic 
 
  Alternatively, we include this additional, tiny stylesheet for all billers and accept the visual difference between windowed and SSO.
PROS
: Quickest solution and no biller-specific logic.
CONS
: SSO is slightly different visually from windowed product
We provide some super basic CSS which they can append to the end of their CSSUrl sheet that they are already using which overrides ic-main-style.css to return back to what they expect to see.
PROS
: We don’t have hardcoded biller-specific logic in our code like option 1.
CONS
: They’re likely not going to like this solution and we wouldn’t have control over the CSS fix. We should fix this for them not the other way around.
Stylesheet fix
css
body, #content-body { background-color: #fff !important; } // removes grey background
.container { width: auto !important; } // extends content to be full-width
#right-column { display: none !important; } // ensures sidebar col never renders
Questions
Was the SSO experience ever actually full-width and if so, what recent change would have altered that? 
Notes
While the payment summary is a different story altogether we still need to be extra careful it conforms to SFB’s expectations before it goes live.
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3806298218/SFB+Problem+Solving