Summary
Company
Transcard Outbound Solution
Industry/Vertical
Insurance
Agent Commission
Website
https://developer-sandbox.transcard.com/
 
Software + Version
Transcard v1  API
Solutions Architect
 
Integration Manager
 
Configurations & Setup - Banking and Check processing
Check Setup 
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
Setting up the check number sequences in TC - Smart Hub ?
Need to request TC - for the forms and different formats related to the setting up check numbers
 
Setting up sftp feedback from the print vendor - Smart Hub
Need to request TC - for the procedure for setting up the printed checks feedback sftp setup
Email distribution list to be provided from TC to KeyBank
Florida Capital Funding account being used
Shipping options set up on TC - FedEx or USPS
Overnight check delivery flag , does TC require this input ?
Email thread to be started with Maudy - Mrin
Foreign Mail delivery options for the checks - how does this work ?
Email thread to be started with Maudy - Mrin
Positive Pay file workflow discussion with TC - how does this work ?
Display of the positive pay file on Smart Hub, roles, and other capabilities
different language supports used for the email template 
English, French , Spanish ?
English Only
Email template review
Show the biller the email template to allow for them to adhere to the standard out of the box email templates
Banking
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
Here are the list of Open Banking solutions ?
What are there current banking solutions used at the carrier
Does different lines of business use different bank accounts ?
What is the primary bank account where checks are being issued from ?
Are there use cases for same day checks issuance ?
Are there use cases for same day money movement with Zelle ?if so what are the amounts that can be passed?
US Region
Open Banking
RTP
ACH
Check
Wire
Zelle (JP Morgan)
Sponsor Bank
ACH
Check
Canadian Region
Open Banking
BMO Harris EFT
RBC Interac
Sponsor Bank
EFT
 Are there specifics to be discussed with each of these banking options
 
Different environments ( Dev, UAT and Production)
What is the flexibility available for customers
what are the different types of discussions
Test data for the various use cases Push to Debit ( card limits and error codes)
International Push to Debit error codes for V2 version of the API
Bulk payment API support and use cases
What are the bulk API available and versions supported.
SMART Hub Experience
General
 Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
Please demo the claims payment workflows and payment methods used
What are the different workflows for an payment to be disbursed to the Insured ?
 
What are all the payment methods provided by your system today?
 
Are there any payment methods not available today that are requested by your 
Insured 
 Agents 
 Vendors 
What additional payment features are important to your internal teams to allow for timely disbursements ?
 
 
What part of the user experience will be through your UI and what part of the User experience will be through Invoice Cloud?
 
 
What are the common payment methods used for your disbursement use cases
 
 
Insurance
Auto Claims 
Home Mortgage Claims 
Worker’s Comp Payments
Agent Commissions 
Premium Refunds
Property Management
Tenant Refunds
 
SMART Disburse Payee Experience
General
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
SMART Disburse for single Recipient (Individual recipient)
require API details v1, v2 and differences (country specific)
 
SMART Disburse for single Recipient (business recipient)
require API details v1 , v2 and difference (country specific or template for emails / sms)
SMART Disburse for multiple recipients ( both recipients
receiving a payment. Business or individual recipients)
require details about
API request parameters
Country specific settings 
Banking details 
How does default payment method work ?
SMART Disburse for multiple recipients ( one recipient being an
endorser and the other recipient receiving a payment)
Different templates for the endorser, documentation review on the workflow.
Additional Notes
 
 
Vendor Portal Experience
General
Internal Notes
Response/Decision
Date
Vendor data analysis
During the sales process identify the incoming vendor data.
Duplication output to be provided to the biller during the start of the implementation process
Compliance discussion
Format of Vendor payments
Additional Notes
SMART Exchange Payee Experience - Product not released
General
Internal Notes
 
Response/Decision
Date
List of use case by persona
Vendor
already existing vendor due to the previous client utilizing these vendors ( what is the workflow for verifying the previously existing payment method )
SMART Exchange with a payment. (First time vendor receiving the
payment )
SMART Exchange without a payment. Payment notification to
the supplier or vendor.
What are the templates for the communication
Email 
SMS
Frequency of the notification for the vendor
Reports associated with the vendor utilization
Access to vendor details by roles/ UI
 
Vendor Migration
SMART Exchange Migration Plan
 - provided by TC to capture discovery questions for billers' vendor migration / preboarding tasks
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/4160847893/Simple+Solve+Outbound+Discovery