Runbook name
Single Sign-On 
Description
Single Sign-On (SSO) and SAML SSO information 
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
Summary
Single sign-on (SSO) is an authentication scheme that allows a user to log in with a single ID to any of several related, yet independent, software systems.
Process
Steps
Description
Screenshots
1
Testing
Set authentication type in the CRM to Email with Password
Upload invoices to the test environment
Register several accounts with email and password
Set up registered accounts with autopay, payment methods, one-time scheduled payments, paperless, pay by text (any applicable user account level registration options)
Run a mock go live where a Data Services Request is submitted to have them implement one of the following two options that the biller decided on:
Convert every email address to a username (this option preservers user accounts) OR
Wipe out all active user data (i.e. logins, autopay, payment methods) and allow them to reregister from scratch
Test the registration process in the new SSO environment
Access IC iFrames from SSO
2
Solutions Engineers Confluence Resource 
SSO
 
3
Workflows 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki/x/9YDyG
 
4
SAML SSO
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki/x/dIHlGQ
 
5
SSO Testing
SSO_Email_Password_Test_Case.docx
6
Important Documents
Account Linking with InvoiceCloud.docx
Multi_User_Login.docx
note
Information


Information


What it is
Description 
Single sign-on (SSO) 
An authentication scheme that allows a user to log in with a single ID to any of several related, yet independent, software systems.
True single sign-on allows the user to log in once and access services without re-entering authentication factors.
Mitigate risk 
Mitigate risk for access to 3rd-party sites ("federated authentication") because user passwords are not stored or managed externally
Reduce 
Reduce password fatigue from different username and password combinations
Reduce time spent re-entering passwords for the same identity﻿
Reduce IT costs due to lower number of IT help desk calls about passwords
Simpler administration
SSO-related tasks are performed transparently as part of normal maintenance, using the same tools that are used for other administrative tasks.
Better administrative control
All network management information is stored in a single repository. This means that there is a single, authoritative listing of each user’s rights and privileges. This allows the administrator to change a user’s privileges and know that the results will propagate network wide.
Improved user productivity
Users are no longer bogged down by multiple logons, nor are they required to remember multiple passwords in order to access network resources. This is also a benefit to Help desk personnel, who need to field fewer requests for forgotten passwords.
Better network security
Eliminating multiple passwords also reduces a common source of security breaches—users writing down their passwords. Finally, because of the consolidation of network management information, the administrator can know with certainty that when he disables a user’s account, the account is fully disabled.
Consolidation of heterogeneous networks
By joining disparate networks, administrative efforts can be consolidated, ensuring that the best administrative practices and corporate security policies are consistently enforced.
SSO shares centralized authentication servers that all other applications and systems use for authentication purposes and combines this with techniques to ensure that users do not have to actively enter their credentials more than once.
How this is different than a standard IC Biller:
Invoice Cloud does not manage the online portal and DOES NOT have access to the admin setting.
When the payer is logged into the biller’s webpage for SSO, at one point the payer will have a new page open and be transferred from the biller’s website to IC for the processing of the payment.
NOTE: if account linking is not working as intended, then we will need to research further and possibly have Dev Support assist.
Invoice Clouds SSO product-CloudSSOConnect
CloudSSOConnect is Invoice Cloud's implementation of what is known in the industry as "Single Sign On". This feature allows Partners to create a seamless experience between a Partner's system and the Invoice Cloud (IC) system. Partners will have the option to access the IC Customer Portal and customize the style/look of pre-defined areas or use the IC REST API to display the same data within their own system.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4302209333/Single+Sign-On+SSO