**DRAFT UNDER REVIEW**
Overview
This is a abbreviated high level process for promoting software from development environments to production environments.  It does not include steps like code scans, unit tests, integration tests etc… and the various environments to support illustrating the isolation of development software from production software.
Related Documents
Package Approval Policy
 
Terminology
Package Feed
 - Feeds that store dependency packages used to build software
Artifact Feed
 - Feeds that store software build artifacts used to deploy software
Nuget Feed
 - Package feed that holds .Net libraries
Feed View
 - Used to isolate/filter feed contents
Dev view
 - Feed contents used for development
Production view 
- Feed contents
 
used for production
Approver
 - Reviews the request and approves pipelines to proceed to the next stage
Library Development
A developer will create or modify a library and test locally.  Once local testing is satisfied they will publish the  package to the dev package feed view via the library build/deployment pipelines.  
Development packages can be tested using deployed applications by creating a non-promotable application build and deployment to a dev asset (server).  Non-promotable builds have access to the dev package feed view.
Once the library package is approved, 
per package policy
, the package can be promoted to the production package feed view for use in builds that can be promoted all the way up to a production asset (server).  This is done by an approver approving the pipeline approval gate.  If the package is rejected the approver will decline the approval gate and the pipeline will complete without promoting the package to the production package feed view.  
Rejected packages should be removed from the developer package feed view. 
Library Promotion Process
Libraries are built and published to the dev nuget feed view.   After they are fully tested and reviewed, 
per package policy
, they can be promoted to the production nuget feed view.
Application Non-Promotable Builds and Deployments (Used for Package Evaluation/Testing)
Non-promotable builds are used to test development of nuget packages using deployed software.  If there are no new packages being introduced for approval then this build/deployment flow is not needed.  Non-promotable builds use development nuget feeds and are only published to the dev artifact feed view.   Deployments to development assets (servers) are allowed.  There is no ability to use a development artifact for production deployments to production assets (servers).
Agents must control the nuget feeds to which they can download from.  This can be done by network isolation and restricted feed credentials.
Application Development 
Promotable builds use the production package feed view and ensure no development packages are deployed to production assets (servers).  This is the standard application build / deployment flow for software.
Application Promotable Builds and Deployments
Application promotable builds can only use the production nuget feed view.   These builds are published to a development artifact feed view first and promoted up.   Deployments to development assets (servers) are allowed.  After they are fully tested and reviewed, per our SDLC policy, they can be promoted to the production artifact feed view and deployed to production assets (servers).
Agents must control the nuget feeds to which they can download from.  This can be done by network isolation and restricted feed credentials.
 URL:/spaces/ED/pages/2817949703/Software+Promotion+Process+feat.+Packages