Runbook name
Project Change Control - SOP
Description
Standard Operating Procedure for managing change requests for a customer implementation.
On this page
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
 
 
1
Initial draft for review
Feb 18, 2025
MGreer
1.1
Added a link to SDD in SharePoint
1. 
Overview
The purpose of this Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) is to establish a structured process for establishing project scope, and managing changes to requirements, and deliverables during an InvoiceCloud implementation project. This SOP aims to ensure that all custom requirements are accurately defined, documented, and approved during the discovery phase and that any subsequent changes are appropriately managed, including potential cost implications, through a Change Control process defined in this SOP.
2. 
Scope
This SOP applies to all InvoiceCloud implementation projects in scope.  It covers the entire lifecycle of change management, from the initial discovery phase to biller Go-Live.
This SOP ensures that all changes to the project's scope are managed in a controlled manner, minimizing risks and ensuring the successful delivery of the enterprise software implementation.
The following project types are in scope for this SOP
In Scope
Custom new biller Integrations
Platform Integrations with or without identified biller
New biller Go-Live product enhancement dependencies.
Out of Scope
Projects using existing standard integration with no customizations.
Post-live biller change requests
3. 
Definitions
Change Control
: The process of managing changes to the project scope, including new requirements, modifications, or deletions of previously agreed-upon requirements.
Discovery Phase
: The initial phase of the project where the customer's needs are assessed, and all integration and custom product requirements are gathered and documented.
Solution Design Document
 
(SDD):
 A formal document that details all custom requirements identified during the discovery phase, including integration and custom product requirements. The SDD document is created only for new integrations and custom projects.
Change Request (CR)
 - A customer change submitted after the SDD is signed, or for projects with an existing integration and there is no SDD, any customer requested custom change.
4. 
Documentation
Solution Design Document (SDD)
: Captures all custom integration and product requirements identified during the discovery phase and serves as the baseline for the project's scope.   This is only needed for projects with a new or custom integration or custom development requirements.    SDD locate in SharePoint: 
Invoice Cloud - Solutions Design Document Template.docx
Change Request Form
: Used to document new requirements or changes to existing requirements after the initial Requirements Document has been signed off.
5. 
Responsibilities
Project Manager / Implementation Manager
: Responsible for documenting the project overview section of the Solution Design Document.  Also, responsible for overseeing the change control process, ensuring compliance with this SOP, and communicating with the customer regarding changes.
Integration Manager /Solutions Engineer
: Responsible for documenting all integration requirements and design during discovery and updating the SDD as needed. 
Product Management
: Responsible for documenting all product enhancement Go-Live requirements and updating the SDD as needed.
Customer
: Responsible for reviewing and signing off on the Solution Design Document and submitting any new requirements through the established change control process.
6. 
Procedure 
The goal is to capture all integration and product requirements during Discovery, which will happen during the Integration phase of the Implementation Playbook 
P2 - Integration
  The requirements will be documented in a Solution Design Document (
SDD
) and presented to the customer for signature.
High Level Overview for Documenting Project Requirements
Conduct Initial Meetings
: 
Hold Discovery meetings with the customer to gather detailed information about their needs and expectations per our standard process 
Identify and document all custom requirements, including custom integration and product requirements.
Create the SDD
:
The Project Manager will be responsible for driving completion on the SDD.
The Product
 
Manager and Solutions Engineer will compile all identified requirements into the SDD for their respective product and integrations sections.
The document should include a detailed description of each requirement to the level of detail where there’s no room left for interpretation, along with any associated dependencies, constraints, and assumptions.  The document will have screenshots of all the IC screens that the client will use or see, including those that are not expected to have any integration or product modifications.
Cost for changes - 
Review with Director of GUB/FS to get alignment on what charges should be included.  Costs should be included in SDD for each customization and summarized at the end.
Customer Review and Sign-Off
:
The PM/IM/SE will present the SDD to the customer for review. 
Allow the customer sufficient time to review the document and ask any questions.
Several iterations/edits back and forth with the customer will likely be required in order to arrive on a common understanding on requirements.
Obtain formal sign-off from the customer, indicating their approval of the SDD. This sign-off will serve as the baseline for the project's scope.
After the customer signs off on the SDD, the implementation should be considered in a 
code freeze
 and any subsequent customer change requests will be managed through the Managing New Change Requests section of this SOP.
Managing New Change Requests
SOP - Project Change Request Process --DRAFT
 
Frequently Asked Questions
Is an SDD needed for a new platform integration biller implementation?
Yes, the custom product requirements section would be deleted and it’d be similar to the current Integration Design document that’s used today.
Do I need an SDD for a biller implementation with an existing integration?
No.  You would manage new change requests using the process outlined in the 
Managing New Change Requests section
 above.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3531177986/SOP+-+Project+Scope+Control+-+Solution+Design+Document