SOP= Standard Operating Process
Runbook name
UAT processes
Description
Describes processes for how UAT should be conducted for biller implementations.
On this page
Table of Contents
1
6
false
none
list
true
Change Log
760
Date
Author
Version
Description
11/26/2024
 
1.0
Updated links with titles, rather than having the raw URL showing. 
Overview
There are only two options for running UAT with a customer.  1) Guided UAT (For most projects) & 2) Customer-led UAT (for large/custom projects).
Guided UAT
This is the 
most common
 option and should be used with most billers except the very large enterprise, custom or mega-billers.
For Guided UAT, billers use InvoiceCloud’s UAT test plan, are free to add additional test cases if they like, and should meet with the IM 2-3 times a week, for 1-2 hours per session, for 1-2 weeks or until UAT is complete, to walk them through the testing effort.
Guided UAT serves three main purposes.  
Biller to 
verify
 IC solution is configured to meet their requirements
Guided UAT serves as an additional 
training
 effort to help get billers ramped up for go-live
Reduce overall UAT duration and faster Go-Live.
**Read the UAT overview document in Step 5 of the Guided UAT process as it goes into more detail about how the process should be run.
Customer Led UAT
The customer led UAT process is for large complex custom enterprise billers that will be testing InvoiceCloud as part of a larger implementation effort like the rollout of a new CIS system, for example.  For these projects, our goal is to have the customer sign off on an elaborated UAT test plan (a word doc) so we establish guidelines and expectations for how the customer will interact with us in terms of roles & responsibilities, reporting issues, meeting frequency, etc.  
Guided UAT Process
Changes to SmartSheet:
1- The current UAT worksheet available in Smartsheet will be edited. Several micro-level tasks will be removed and replaced by more generic test cases.  The link to the UAT worksheet will remain on the project’s dashboard. 
2- The task “Customer Portal Walkthrough w/Biller” will be removed. On 12/02/2024 a new task was added here to Download/Send UAT Overview to Biller has been added.
3- The task “Biller completes Testing …” will be re-labeled: “Guided UAT”. On 12/02/2024 this was updated to the new Guided UAT. 
4- The Guided UAT task will be hyperlinked to the new UAT sheet: 
GUIDED UAT TEMPLATE
 
5- Guided UAT Overview – What to expect. This new document is available in SharePoint and needs to be sent out to the Biller at the time of completing the Guided UAT - 
UAT Overview
 
The UAT Process
:
Follow and complete your project schedule as usual.
2- Click on the new “Guided UAT” link and remove the sections not applicable to your project. For example, Single Sign-On SSO or CloudPay.
3- Verify who the tester will be for the Biller and create a username for them. Ensure the tester (Biller user) gets their login credentials for IC. You need to set them up as a user.
4- After Guided UAT is completed, send the Testing certification to the client, embedded in an email.  In the future, we will use DocuSign or another tool to collect a signature.  The key is to hold the Biller accountable for signing off UAT. 
Certificate of Acceptance UAT_Invoice Cloud
 
Customer Led UAT Process
The Customer Led UAT process is as follows:
Fill out UAT Test Plan based off of template that you can download from here: 
USER ACCEPTANCE TEST PLAN TEMPLATE
 
Review UAT plan with biller, CIS, and any other parties involved in UAT testing, and have customer send email approval with plan attached.
Make sure UAT schedule section 8 is agreed to by customer and included in test plan.
Establish daily standup calls for InvoiceCloud team, if needed.
Daily standups should be quick, < 30 min, and should include:
Review of new and in progress issues led by PM.
Each internal team member answering following 3 questions related to UAT
What was done yesterday
What will be done today
What needs escalation
Schedule UAT review sessions with customer.
PM to update Project schedule based off of UAT duration.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3402924165/SOP+-+Running+User+Acceptance+Testing+UAT