Runbook name
Using DocuSign for Approvals
Description
Process for how to utilize DocuSign to gain approvals from Billers and 3
rd
 parties.
On this page
Change Log
Scope
Background
Process
_Toc35057718
Change Log
Click here to expand... 
Date
Author
Version
Description
6/30/2025
Rick Williams
Draft 0.1
Initial draft
_Toc933165024
Scope
The purpose of this SOP is to provide a structured approach for utilizing DocuSign to obtain approvals from billers and 3
rd
 parties.  
This SOP applies to team members, primarily but not limited to Project Managers and Implementation Managers, responsible for obtaining approval for the following documents:
Solution Design Document (SDD):
 Confirms agreement between IC and the Biller/Software Partner on the scope and design of the implementation. Once approved, any changes may incur additional costs.
User Acceptance / Go Live Readiness Signoff:
 Confirms that all user acceptance testing is complete and the project is ready for Go Live, with signoff from all relevant parties. 
Change Control:
 Documentation of any post-SDD changes, including scope and cost, requiring approval via a Statement of Work (SOW).
_Toc718464058
Background
Currently, PM’s and IM’s are obtaining approval via email or by sending the document to the Biller and/or 3
rd
 party requesting them to print, sign, scan, and send back.  This process is dated and warrants the utilization of a form of electronic signature.  Going forward we will use DocuSign to facilitate this process.
_Toc2064574557
Process
DocuSign Request
Once you have been granted permission from your manager to use DocuSign, you will need to submit a Service Management JIRA from the link below. 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals
 
Select IT Service Portal from the Service Management home page.
Select “Software Access or Change Request” from the available options.
Enter “Access Request” in the Request Type Field and “Other” in the System Field (until DocuSign is added to the drop-down menu)
Type the following in the Description/Reason/Use Case text box and select Send 
“As a <Your role>, I have a need to send documents electronically via DocuSign to obtain approvals from Billers and 3
rd
 Party entities at certain intervals during the Implementation Process.  Please provide me access to DocuSign.”
Okta
Once you have been granted access to DocuSign via a Service Management JIRA Ticket, you will see the tile on your Okta Dashboard.
You would simply click on the tile, and it will take you directly to DocuSign.  Once you’ve accessed it for the first time, you can save as a favorite and access directly without having to go through Okta
Procedure
Create your Signature
Once you have signed in to DocuSign, you can create a signature by selecting the avatar from the top right-hand corner of the home page.
Select Signatures from left side panel and Add Signature.  You will be prompted to create a signature, and initials should you have a need to use initials in the future.
Document Prep 
Starting with an approved template in IC SharePoint, you will need to modify the content to fit the Biller/3
rd
 Parties you are requesting approvals from. (Much like we do today)
Remove the Signature and Date lines from the Word document that you will be requesting from the Biller/3
rd
 Party. This is a critical step as you will not be able to modify it once you upload the document.
Modifications in yellow highlight below:.
Document Upload 
Once you have the document prepped, from the DocuSign Home Page, you will select Start>>>Envelopes>>>Send an Envelope from the middle of the page 
You will then Upload your document
Add the Recipients and set the order if necessary
You can adjust the Subject and add a message if desired, but you must select an Envelope Type.  I’ve selected Other and added Go Live Commitment as the Envelope Type. Frequency reminders option is not available at this time, but there is a manual resend option.
Select Next from the bottom of the page. 
Now you will need to add the areas in which you are to add signature and date blocks.  There are other fields available you may want to use. In that case, you will need to start over at Document Prep. Simply drag and drop from the left to where you want to place the item.
When you multiple signers, there is a dropdown at the top left that indicates who is signing and will be color coded in the document to ensure you don’t cross them up
Once you are satisfied with your selections, select Send from the bottom right.  You can also choose to send later which will allow you to schedule when it will be sent
Receiving Approvals
Once you send, Recipients will receive an email indicating they have a document ready to sign. 
If you choose to send this with an order for signatures, only the first person listed will receive an email.  Once that person has signed, the next person will receive an email, and so forth until all recipients have signed.
In the event a recipient is unable to locate the original email, you can select Resend from your home page.
Once all recipients have signed, you can download and save it in your project folder.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4536991851/SOP+Using+DocuSign+for+Approvals