Epic Link: 
EBPP-16826
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
EBPP-16823
2278e126-27dc-36c8-aef9-a32d91bc7ad7
System Jira
 
 
 Can you please add the epics
Phase
Discovery
Coding/Testing
Ext Comm
Deployment
Monitoring
Status
COMPLETE
Green
 
IN PROCESS
Yellow
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
NOT STARTED
Red
 
Est Completion
 
 
 
 
 
 Problem Alignment
Background: 
Farm Bureaus are membership organizations that represent the interests of farmers, ranchers, and rural communities across the US. Members include farmers, ranchers, agricultural business, and any non-farmers that support the industry. The farm bureau provides services such as legal representation, legal support, education/training, information, business support, and insurance products. 
Farm Bureaus are strategic for InvoiceCloud because: 
They are multi-billion dollar Insurance Businesses 
They are organized by state
They share best practices
They are moving off older technology 
We gain larger referencable insurance customers in a word-of-mouth industry
The Southern Farm and Texas Farm go-lives were one of our 2024 strategic priorities to expand in the insurance vertical. 
This PDR is focusing on the work for Southern Farm Bureau ($86k MRR). They cover six states: Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and South Carolina. The Farm Bureau manages the insurance policies, and each state has a federation that manages the membership and political action committee (PAC) payments. The project aims to move all federations and insurance payments to Invoice Cloud.
Problem: 
As we move upmarket in Insurance, billers have new expectations to meet industry needs. 
Biller is unhappy with the timing of DataPump and are concerned that agents will have to wait too long to complete transactions in a timely fashion; which has led to the ask for the listener.
 Objective
There are three main development opportunities SFB identified. 
Faster status updates: Adds better functionality for billers who need to understand the flow of where payers are when using AgentConnect/SSOConnect by adding a “listener” so billers can track payer progress as well as size their IFrame to fit correctly within the flow.
Custom subtotal displays: custom work work allow SFB to display subtotals to their preference 
Permissions by Invoice type: SFB needs to restrict access to the IC data based on state, federation, & insurance responsibilities. 
 Success Metrics
List the project goals and metrics that will be used to determine its success.
Goal
Metric
Current
Good
Great
Reduce checkout flow drop-off rate
45%
35%
25%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Target Audience
Group
Impact
Insurance Partners, but can be used by other billers 
How is this group affected by this (or lack of this) today? How will this group be affected by this when it launches?
 
 
 
 
User Interaction and Design
Is this a revision to existing UI or a blue sky approach?  What deliverables are expected as a result?  Place mockups, flow diagrams, etc, here when available.
 Components Impacted
What components within the Invoice Cloud platform will be impacted?
Component
Impact
Agent Connect 
Will add two new pages (one for pricing, one for terminals), and new filters to invoice types page.
 SSOConnect
 
 
 
 Technical Architecture
Add any applicable component diagrams and data flow diagrams here.
 Testing Plan
In Scope
Features/tasks that will be tested
Out of Scope
Features/tasks that will not be tested
Environment/Tools
Where will this be tested and specific tool/knowledge required
Risks
What could impact this plan and mitigation plan
Resources
Any test data, files, settings needed for testing
Assumptions
What useful constraints are in place
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Serviceability/Observability
What are the right questions to ask or diagrams to provide for this section?
 Requirements
Change to rely on Jira, pull in epic details
Requirement
Importance
Jira Link
Notes
Must be Mobile Responsive
HIGH
Red
 
 
 Must work for IFrame
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dependencies
Dependency
Team/Product
Notes
Permissions by Invoice type is dependent on the roles and permissions project completion 
BMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Assumptions
List any assumptions you have about your users, technical constrains, business goals, etc.
 We are not sending any information that is considered a PCI risk (account number)
 
 
 
 Timeline
Event
Date
Confidence
Status
Kickoff call
Type // to add a date
 
 
HIGH
Green
 
COMPLETE
Green
Design review
 
MEDIUM
Yellow
 
INCOMPLETE
Red
 
Deliverable #1
 
Low
Red
   
 
 Open Questions
Question
Owner
Answer
Date Answered
Subtotal SOW is pending customer approval
 
 
 
Here is the answer to that question
Type // to add a date
 Do we still need to restrict autopay enrollment in the one time payer route to enforce SFB business rules?
 
 
 
 
 Are we handling the listener work in a sustainable and appropriate way?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Out of Scope
List the features discussed which are out of scope of might be revisited in a later release.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Early Access Billers
 
 
All Billers
 
 
Partners
 
 
Internal \ Training
 
 
Internal \ Support+CSM
 
 
Internal \ Sales
 
 
Internal \ Boarding
Communication Checklist
Comm Audience
Task
Notes/Actions
Project team members
 
 
Internal \ General
 
 
Add rows if needed
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3239805317/Southern+Farm+Bureau