Contents
none
note
Overview


Overview


SPIR:
S
oftware 
P
latform 
I
nstall
 
R
equired (for biller):
True – 
Biller needs to install the CIS/Core system
The IC launch is tied to the CIS system go-live
False –
Biller already has the CIS/Core System installed.
IC can begin the project & launch as soon as possible
In essence, this field has the answer whether the biller is working on a CIS install; whether the IC go-live depends on some other software go-live (CIS or portal)
Note: CIS system upgrades do not count here. Set SPIR to False in those cases. (e.g.: Biller is upgrading from AUS v3 to v5)
Software Partner Integration Required = Software Platform Install Required
Integration State: 
In essence, this field has the answer whether IC has a mature integration to the CIS. The first two implementations are not considered mature. (Integration modifications are still likely for an immature integration increasing the project duration)
Possible answers:
EXISTS: A mature integration exists
NEW: A mature integration does not exist
EXTEND: An existing integration will be modified
Note: you may have to type the answer in Smartsheet. Please type only EXISTS/NEW/EXTEND only for consistency.
Change Log
Change Details
Date
Author
Version
Description
05/16/2025
 
1
Added Page and Steps
05/20/2025
 
1.1
Separated SPIR and Integration State
05/21/2025
 
1.2
Formatting and verbiage changed to be less technical and easier to understand. Changed examples into questions to make a FAQ section.
note
Project Roles


Project Roles


Name
Team
1
Project Manager (PM)
Implementations
2
Implementations Manager (IM)
Implementations
3
4
Process Steps
Process steps to update the SPIR and Integration State in a current provisioned project. 
Step
Description - Screenshot 
Required
1
Project Summary
Navigate to the Project Summary inside the Project Schedule. 
2
Sheet Summary SPIR
Navigate down to SPIR field adjust it to True or False deepening on the Integration. 
Yes
3
Sheet Summary Integration State
Navigate to the Integration State and enter in either New, Exists or Extend.
4
5
FAQs
FAQ
SPIR
1
The current project involves a biller whose Software Platform already has an existing integration with Invoice Cloud. However, the Customer Information System (CIS) is not yet installed at the biller's end. What is the appropriate SPIR classification for this scenario?
(Existing IC Integration, New CIS must be installed)
True
2
This project entails a new integration between Invoice Cloud and a biller with a new Software Platform. Both the IC integration and the CIS installation are new. What would be the correct SPIR classification for this setup?
(New IC Integration, New CIS must be installed)
True
3
The biller is new to Invoice Cloud but is already using a Software Platform that has an existing integration with IC, and the CIS is already installed. What SPIR classification applies in this case?
(Existing IC Integration, Existing CIS is already installed)
False
4
This project involves extending an existing integration between Invoice Cloud and a Software Partner. The biller is already using IC with the CIS installed, and the project includes enhancements such as EMV terminal support or Outbound Payments. What is the appropriate SPIR classification for this type of integration extension?
(Extend Existing IC Integration, Existing CIS is already installed)
False
5
The project involves a new integration with Invoice Cloud for a biller who already has the CIS installed and is currently integrated with the Software Platform. What SPIR classification should be applied in this scenario?
(New IC Integration, Existing CIS is already installed)
False
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/4325539858/SPIR+-+Software+Platform+Install+Required