Introduction
Incident response is critical for maintaining the stability of our services. This guideline provides a structured approach to handling incidents effectively. This document is solely for the purpose of guiding the SRE team in our Incident Response process, and is not currently a policy or procedure.
Goals
The initial goal of the incident response is to initiate containment measures to halt further damage or loss cause by the incident. This might required to fully understand the root cause but is not a necessary condition. After containment, a proper root cause analysis, mitigation action, and prevention actions should be taken, this usually occurs through the Post-Mortem process.
References
Runbooks
 
Incident Response Communication Plan
 
Roles and Responsibilities
Key roles include:
General Roles
Incident Manager
: Is in command of the response process. Incident Manage has the authority and the responsibility to delegate actions and roles to people assisting with the incident (eg. Communications Lead). More information in 
Incident Manager
.
Communications Lead
: Handles external communications, and assist engineers with internal communications. This role is usually designated to a senior member of Client Services by the Incident Manager. 
Product SME: 
Responsible of assisting SREs to identify the root cause and mitigation actions. This category includes Product/Systems Architects.
Data Services SMEs
: Helps with the collection of data, and mitigations through database action.
SRE Roles
First Responders
: Responsible of initially reviewing and triaging the situation, and 
centralizing all communications regarding the issue in a single channel.
 Additionally identifying stakeholders and SME that can help asses the situation for a faster resolution.
SRE Responders
: Responsible for technical investigation and resolution of the underlying issue. Additionally, they are responsible for incident data collection, and the technical internal communications within the channel (eg. provide situational updates in the incident slack channel.).
Preparation (Ideal State)
Incident Response Plan is a written document, formally approved by a senior leadership team, that provides a set of instructions to help the organization respond, limiting the impact and recovering from a system incident. This document is not currently available.
Incident Response Plan (IRP):
Develop and maintain an IRP approved by senior leadership.
Include contact details, escalation paths, and incident classification criteria.
Training and Drills
:
Regularly train software engineers on incident response procedures.
Engage SRE in incidents to learn from experience.
Incident Identification and Reporting
Triage and Assessment
Gather initial facts about the issue
Determine the impact
Identify mitigation actions that do not require a RCA.
Reporting Channels
:
Establish clear centralized channels
 for reporting incidents.
Encourage timely reporting from software engineers.
Data Collection
Data Collection Template
BIDs:
Impact Summary:
This includes any data that could helps to identify the magnitude of the issue. (eg. Total Declined Payments, Errors per minute, etc)
Actions List:
Important Dates/Times:
Incident Started
Incident Detected
Rollback (if any)
Incident Mitigated
Other relevant data
Jira items 
related 
to the root cause
Jira items 
to address
 the root cause
Any data, logs, or information that helped detect, mitigate the issue. Also information that would help prevent the issue.
Initial Data Gathering
Timestamps
: Record when the incident occurred, and other important date/times related to the incident.
Affected Systems
: Identify impacted services, servers, or applications.
User Impact
: Understand how users are affected.
Logs
: Collect relevant logs, system snapshots, and network traffic captures. (e.g.,New Relic, web servers logs, databases).
Technical Data Collection
System Logs
:
Gather logs from affected systems (e.g.,New Relic, web servers logs, databases).
Look for signs of abnormal behavior.
Establish a timeline of events.
User Data Collection
User Reports
:
Gather incident details from affected users. (eg. Cases reporters, related DS items, Biller/SP communications)
Gather information that helps understand their experiences and any error messages.
Collect transaction logs related to the incident.
Mitigation
Rollback/Fix Forward
:
If the incident cannot be resolved by changing a configuration or fixing data. An assessment should be made to decide whether the right approach to mitigate the issue is to Rollback or Fix Forward.
Rollback should be the default mitigation for issues introduce on recent deployments.
Communication
Internal Communication
:
Notify relevant teams (software engineers, management).
Share incident details and progress in the centralized channel.
External Communication
:
Prepare customer-facing messages. 
Be transparent about the incident's impact and resolution timeline. 
Focus on blameless explanations of the causes of the issues.
Recovery and Lessons Learned
Restore Services
:
Bring affected systems back online.
Verify functionality.
Lessons
:
Take note of any activities that could have help to detect, prevent, or quickly mitigate the issue.
Assess why the Test did not detect  the defect in question.
Post-Mortem
Post-Incident Review
:
Conduct a thorough review with all stakeholders.
Document lessons learned and update the IRP.
Assist other engineering team to update the Post-Incident documentation, and make sure that the tone remains blameless.
Resources
A Guide to Effective Incident Management Communications: 
https://insights.sei.cmu.edu/documents/1631/2021_002_001_651819.pdf
 (
external
)
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/3080388705/SRE+Guidelines+for+Incident+Response