Problem Alignment
The Problem
Currently we don’t support shut off and restart service for utilities vertical or insurance vertical. This functionality has been requested by several utilities billers and some insurance billers. The problem some of these billers face is that there CIS systems might support start / start service or policies but their payment processor does not. Therefore their payer experience when viewing their account or making a payment they have no indication of the status of their account. Therefore we have an opportunity to create a start / stop service / policy feature for our utility and insurance billers. 
Why: How do we know this is a real problem and worth solving?
This is a real problem worth solving because we have Mobile Water and Sewer, one utility biller, is looking to go live in 2023 and they will need a start / stop service feature. 
Previously we have had billers want to use the 3rd notification for sending notifications of close to stop service, however if they are a balance forward biller, which most utilities are, and their shutoff timeline is into the next billing cycle period then it starts to get confusing as to the new invoice and the balance.  
Its common that billers will want to send a delinquency notification automatically once they get X number of days past the due date.
Audience: Who are we building for?
We are building this for utility and insurance billers. Other terms for start / stop service / policy are: 
start/stop service
move-in/move-out
cut-outs
Termination
disconnect/reconnect
shut off 
Scheduled Service Interruption
We are targeting launching this product with S&S. 
High-level Approach
Integrations work to receive shut off notice, IC sends back restore service (S&S, Majesco and N&D, Harris inhance, Daffron)
Account status in customer portal and virtual site (invoice type level status, different than what is in the biller portal)
Email notifications: shut off, payment confirmation restore service (some CIS systems may have this and they would just want a payment link to be generated)
Cloud Payment - Brian's item for calling CIS to make restore service invoice on the fly
SMS notifications: shut off, payment confirmation restore service
Success
How do we know if we’ve solved this problem?
We will know we’ve solved this problem when we have billers using this product to collect payments for restarting service or policies. Our goal is to launch this with S&S starting with Mobile Water and Sewer for Q1 2023. 
Goal
Ok
Good
Great
In Q1 2023 we’ve launched this feature S&S and Mobile Water.
In Q2 we have more S&S billers onboarding to use this feature. 
In Q2 we have more S&S billers onboarded and are working to integrate this with other partners. 
By Q3 we have three partners offering this. 
Solution Alignment
Key Features
V1
Integrations work to receive shut off notice, IC sends back restore service (S&S, Majesco and N&D, Harris inhance, Daffron)
Account status in customer portal and virtual site (invoice type level status, different than what is in the biller portal)
Email notifications: shut off, payment confirmation restore service (some CIS systems may have this and they would just want a payment link to be generated)
Cloud Payment - Brian's item for calling CIS to make restore service invoice on the fly
 Notification for shut-off/delinquency notice that is sent after the due date
V2
SMS notifications: shut off, payment confirmation restore service
Key Flows  
 
Operational Checklist
Team
Prompt
Y/N
Action (if yes)
Legal, Sales, IMP, Delivery, Salesforce
BOF Changes
 Y
Sales
Do you need sales enablement materials?
Y 
Marketing
Does this impact marketing?
Y 
Training
Do you need to update support content or training?
Y 
Implementations
Changes to questionnaire
Y 
Delivery
Set up and Enablement
Y 
Product Marketing
Do you need a GTM plan? (e.g. pricing, packaging, positioning)
Y 
Support
Biller questions and support
Y 
Legal
Are there potential legal ramifications?
N 
Reconciliations
Questions from billers about charges
Y 
Possible Next Steps
Priority
Feature
Why is it needed?
Docs
1
Some utilities that invest in modern, smart meters no longer have to roll trucks out to disconnect or reconnect service. They can simply start/stop service with a remote command to the smart meter. That will probably become more common over time.
2
3
9
 
 
 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2491875339/Start+Stop+Service+Policy+2023