Date
Team
Team Spam
Participants
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Retrospective
AutoPay Specific Review 
 
This retro we want to take a deep dive on the AutoPay ERSO project since it is wrapping up now. We will try this in a timeline approach; 
March 
April 
May 
Events 
Project started 
April 5th AutoPay incident Failure 
Wrapping up project 
Went Well 
pretty good planning and timeline
clear goals for metrics / quantifiable
Autopay basic testing integration done in Framework
revert/rerun of the AutoPay Chain +1
action items, leading to better tracking
Daily health check
The amount of reruns needed went down/0 exception days
collaborating w/ new ppl, handing off to dev support!
Didn’t Go Well 
could’ve had more planning around testing
not having a place to easily test changes
Can only be tested in prod by running the azure batch job. 
lots of blockers, unfamiliar environments/areas of Azure
some remaining pipeline issues (learning curve, permissions, etc.)
Things we learned 
it’s a complex job
it’s important to know when stuff is ‘good’, not just when it’s bad/broken
logs displaying not only on portal azure, but on other services like NR help contribute to the test coverage
update command line when deploying ICAutoController to azure batch
old package versions need to be cleared out periodically
Add Start doing, Stop doing, Keep doing, and Random Thoughts individually
Review and discuss each as a team. Team members discuss their own items written.
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
automated health checks +4
manual health checks +2
collaborating as a team
acceptance criteria revisions/inclusions
Run AP on azure batch with demo billers for post deployment check(using with AP repos and related). 
Remember revert back to original scheduled when completed
If possible also include tests against Regression biller for safety testing
what happen to the music
choosing a hockey team to root for is hard
what time is mark’s flight? 5:00 PM ✈️ 
Action items




7


complete


 repos changed - get a report on all the xrays that could be added to qe framework (need to communicate to Gile regarding JQL)
- UPDATE: speaking with new QE Manager Lakshmi in regards to retrieving untracked Jira Stories
- UPDATE 2: Retrieve Manual Test List from JIRA
- Retrieved untracked Jira stories with missing XRays using JQL on the search






8


incomplete


 Standardized plan for integration tests – we need specific data, so what’s the best way to populate it? integration tests 
only
 run against dbtest? collection of “setup” stored procs / methods?






9


complete


 new relic primer (need to request service desk ticket)






10


complete


 HTML files are not being excluded from code coverage; 






16


incomplete


 sonarqube primer






11


incomplete


 
 fill out AP ERSO confluence project doc for testing plan (meeting with Aaron pending to discuss Autopay implementation)
- UPDATE: Basic Autopay implementation is compelete, integrated to Framework, if we need to discuss ERSO, we can schedule a meeting next week.
- UPDATE Autopay implementation is complete for both Payer and Invoice relations.






12


complete


 refactor ‘guide’ + 
diagrams






13


complete


 
Can we increase the MAX In Progress items to 7 since we have 7 active engineers that can each have their own item?






14


complete


 Setup engineering session / sync about our IC Packages








15


complete


Diagrams!




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/2688843777/Team+SPAM+5+5+Retro