Page Navigation:
1
6
false
none
list
true
Document status
TEmplate
 
Document owner
Author
Knowledge transfer
Input the Gong URL
Integration Type
Batch, Real Time, Hybrid
Invoice File Transfer Method
SFTP, Stratus, Webservices
Partner Status
Partner/Non-Partner but willing to work with Invoice Cloud/Non-Partner no cooperation directly 
Invoice Cloud Portal
Y/N if No, reference Figma
Figma Demo
Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Name of Partner
Software Product Name
Name of Software Product
Software Cashiering System
Name of Cashiering System
Supported Versions
Input any information related to what versions of the Software Product are support 
(examples: V1.1 and newer, ALL)
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
Any integration requirements that must be complete before the biller can implement the integration. This includes any pre-requisites that are necessary (completed by the partner and/or biller)
Examples (include who completes the items): 
Server/environment requirements or pre-requisites setup by Biller
Module install configured by Partner
Make endpoint(s) available to IC
Vertical
GUB or FS
Sample Biller Implementation
BID of live biller
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal - 
BID of test portal in IC CRM
Partner Hosted Test Portal - 
URL and credentials for partner test portal that IC users can access
Biller Test Portal - 
Note if a Biller Test Portal is needed and/or required (some partners require this setup)
Rules of Engagement
Explain any specific details the IM should follow when working this integration type. Examples:
Always include X contact on emails/meetings
Complete X before Y
Never contact Z
Timeline
Estimated timeframe to complete implementation - ~60-90 days 
Configuration
Invoice Types
List the support invoice types and specify if only one invoice type is supported and what it is
example: only 42
Virtual Site
Input image of suggested virtual site input/output screen. If there’s a required configuration or mapping, note that here.
Example: Integration will always use displayaccountnumber on the virtual site. Please ensure all grids, settings and options support the use of displayaccountnumber. (See 
ISI Enterprise Implementation Details
 for more detail on displayaccountnumber)
Required Options
Input required integration options below. The one below is an example:
ID
Option Description
Details
1
Allow Adjustments on Closed Invoices
Enable this option if Payments and Adjustments can be applied to an Invoice that is considered closed. There are cases in which the recommended functionality is to disable this option. One case is Balance Forward, which by definition the balance of the previous Invoice is adjusted out and moved to the new Invoice. No more payments or adjustments should be allowed on that closed Invoice.
EXAMPLE
Enabled/Disabled
Add any additional context as to why the option is required to be enabled/disabled. Include any specific detail was to what will fail/break if this option is not set properly.
Coding Requirements
Sample JIRA
Link first Jira used for integration coding request.  Provide coding instructions if any differ from standard coding request.  If standard coding request list here.  If INT 360 list “INT 360 No Jira”
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
If any item in the list does not apply, delete the row
What
Provided By
When
note
Important Details


Important Details


Invoice Data
Biller or Partner
Upon request, after pre-requisite completion
Is the data generic or unique/specific to each biller? Note if partner refers to this item by a different name (example: billing file)
Adjustment File
Payment File
Bill Presentment 
Example: 
No integration standard - unique to each biller
PDF Linking - URL and credentials, sample biller
PDF Extraction - extraction value(s), sample biller
Template - mapping/layout, sample biller
RTDR API (test)
RTDR Passcode (test)
RTDR API (prod)
RTDR Passcode (prod)
DataPump API (test)
DataPump Passcode (test)
DataPump API (prod)
DataPump Passcode (prod)
SSO URL 
Payment Codes 
Some integrations allow billers to specify payment codes (mapped to IC payment sources). Generally will apply to legacy integrations. New integrations are built out with standard codes.
example: Request payment code mapping from biller for IC configuration.
Block CC Flag
Some integrations are configured to a code/value in RTDR to block CC and/or ACH that’s configured by the biller (changes with each biller project). Input details if that applies to the integration. Generally will apply to legacy integrations. New integrations are built out with standard values.
example: Biller configures block CC flag and will need to provide the ‘alert code’ to IC for configuration.
Block ACH Flag 
Some integrations are configured to a code/value in RTDR to block CC and/or ACH that’s configured by the biller (changes with each biller project). Input details if that applies to the integration. Generally will apply to legacy integrations. New integrations are built out with standard values.
example: Biller configures block ACH flag and will need to provide the ‘alert code’ to IC for configuration.
Whitelisting IP Addresses
Invoice Cloud
Partner Coding Requirements
What
Provided To
When
note
Important Details


Important Details


Biller Name
Biller or Partner
Project Assignment 
BID
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Invoice Format ID
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Invoice Format GUID
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Biller GUID TEST
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
WebService Key TEST
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Application API Key TEST
Project Assignment
Located in the Biller Portal
Biller GUID PROD
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
WebService Key PROD
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Application API Key PROD
Project Assignment
Located in the Biller Portal
Invoice Type ID
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Biller Contact Information
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
SFTP Credentials
Project Assignment 
Located within CRM on the Profile Tab
Biller Portal Support User
Project Assignment 
Provide detail on where to find this value - CRM
Contacts
Name
Title/Role
Email
Phone
Escalation Contact
Y/N
Common Errors/Situations
List any errors that have occurred during previous implementations.  Ex-Data Pump often times out for CIS 
Common Questions from Billers
Ex-ACH/Chargebacks through Data Pump?  
Lessons Learned
Any knowledge gained through previous implementations of other billers
Conversion Details
Any notes necessary for conversion team.  Ex-SSO with Multi User
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/1428848681/Template+Implementation+Details