Summary
Document status
TEMPLATE
Company
Industry/Vertical
Consumer Finance
Website
Software + Version
Solutions Engineer
Integration Manager
Invoices
Invoice Types
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Invoice Type/Business Type
Loans, Mortgage, etc.
If Multiple, can services be billed separately?
Are these combined or are there any differences between invoicing? 
Is there an indicator in the file for each service type?
These will be separate invoice types in IC
Invoice Billing
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
How often are bills produced?
Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, Annually etc.
IC Biller Invoice File (BIF)
Review Specs
Integrator File
Review Specs
How is Integrator File Formatted?
XML, CSV, Pipe, Print Spool, etc.
Is there a separate file for updates to an existing bill?
Do we need to use biller file split to split adjustments and invoices?,
How can we tell if it is a new invoice Vs an adjustment to an existing invoice?
Are you able to customize data sent in the files?
Invoice Functionality
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Does your system produce unique invoice numbers?
If yes, are these numbers printed on bills, would customers recognize these numbers? If no, what combination of values can we use to create a unique number per invoice?
How are balances calculated per invoice? (Explain Balance Forward and Open Billing)
total balance on most recent invoice or balance available on multiple invoices
How are penalties and interest calculated?  Preference is to provide them as a daily adjustments. Are fees (late fees, penalties, interest, etc.) added to the invoice or the account?
Do you have a field for Past Due balances?
Are there any Duplicate invoices?
     If yes, which bill should IC import?
(Invoice being sent to both mortgage company and mortgagee) 
Duplicate bills (cc: bills - do they need to be filtered out?)
Is there a minimum required payment amount?
Account Numbers
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Are Account Numbers unique per person? (Do you have customer numbers?)
Can we use a combination of Account number and customer number to create unique account numbers per person?
Are account numbers assigned to properties or individuals?
Under what circumstances would Account Numbers change?
Do you expire previous bills so that payments cannot be made after a certain time? In what scenario(s)?
How is autopay handled?
Do you need to block payments (CC or ACH)? How will this be communicated to Invoice Cloud
How are final bills handled? Are they in their own file?
File Transfer
Internal Notes
Response/Decision Date
Is there an automated process to produce the file? 
Files should be sent to IC any time there is a new billing
SFTP or Webservice?
Additional Notes
Balance Updates
Adjustments
 
Internal Notes
 
Response/Decision Date
What is the best way for IC to update balances? (API preferred, Files if necessary)
 
 
Files
IC Adjustment File (BAF)
 review IC BAF
Can you customize what is produced in the file?
 Can invoice number be added?
How often can Adjustments be sent?
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Account Changes
From Invoice Cloud
 
Description
 
Response/Decision Date
Invoice Cloud sends Autopay, Paperless, Customer Registrations, Email Changes is there an API to allow these changes?
 
 
If no, What format should we send these items to you? (Prompt for sample file)
 
 
From CIS
 
 
Invoice Cloud updates blocking of ACH/CC (cash only) customers in real time. Can this status be included in your API Response?
 
 
If no, IC Customer Update File (CUF)
 Review IC CUF Spec
If no, Billers must manually update blocked payments via biller portal
 
 
Additional Notes
Payments from IC
Payments from Invoice Cloud
 
Response/Decision Date
Would you be able to receive an API call to your system when payments are made in Invoice Cloud (Datapump)?
Would you be able to receive a file to your system when customer changes are made?
 
Would that file have to be in a specific format / can we get a sample?
 
Do you have the ability to block people from making certain payments? If so how is this represented (ACH / Credit Card)
 
ACH Rejects
 
Additional Notes
 
Bill Presentment
Bill Presentment
  
Response/Decision Date
Do you produce your own bill images or does your print vendor?
 
Could we get a sample of the bill itself?
 
Does the print vendor have a web service we can call to retrieve bills?
 
Do you (or the print vendor) have the ability to send us bills (PDFS) as individually named files?
 
How often will they be sent?
 
How is info exchanged so that paperless customers are not sent bills?
 
Does the bill contain a bill number?
 
Additional Notes
 
Payer Experience
General Questions
 Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
How do your customers make payments today?
 
What are the customer touchpoints between your billing system and the current payment solution
 
 
What are all the payment methods accepted by your system today?
 
How do your customers access the payment system today?
 
What additional payment features are important to your customers?
 
 
Can I get a walk-through of the Payer / customer experience? Who should I contact to schedule that?
 
 
Specifics
 
 
Do You have Single Sign On capabilities or will you be using Invoice Cloud Customer Portal? 
 
 
If SSO, do you have a Identity Provider for SAML SSO or will you be using SSOConnect?
What part of the user experience will be through your UI and what part of the User experience will be through ours?
 
 
Will you need balance forward or is each invoice paid separately?
 
 
Do you need multi user login?
 
 
How will existing users be migrated?
 
 
Do you need to link accounts?
 
 
Do you need IVR payments?
     If so, what is the unique identifier your customers would use?
 
 
Do you want to offer 'Pay By Text'? 
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
CSR/Agent Experience
General
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
Do you have clerks/agents? 
 
How do CSRs / Clerks / Agents access and use the system today?
 
 
How will this functionality be done on Invoice Cloud:  (Biller Portal, AgentConnect)
 
 
Specifics
 
 
Do your clerks / agents process payments over the phone?
 
 
Can clerks/agents process payments by using a customer's stored payment method?
 
 
Do clerks/agents assist customers with self service activities like Paperless / Autopay / Pay by Text? If so, please explain:
 
 
Do some clerks/agents need different permissions than others? (please explain)
 
 
Do clerks/agents accept payments at the counter (in-person)? 
 
 
IF YES:
 
 
What type of payments are accepted (eg. Cash, Check, Card): 
 
 
Do you use a separate system/software for counter payments and if so what software? 
 
 
How do you accept cash payments? 
 
 
How do you accept credit card payments?
 
 
How do you accept paper checks? 
 
 
Do you use a check scanner?
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Consumer Finance Specifics
Considerations
Internal Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
Balance forward is the most common model - most loan servicing systems will handle the installments.
 (confirm with biller)
 
Are primary and secondary borrowers (co-signers) accounted for?  Ensure that the primary is Account Owner, and others are Co-owners.
 
 
Non-standard notifications - are there more than three notifications?
 
 
Ensure PII (account numbers, etc.) are masked/hidden in communications.
 
 
Ensure invoice numbering scheme is created, and does not contain PII.
 
 
 Additional Notes
 
 
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/3424288820/Template+Consumer+Finance+Discovery