Summary
Document status
TEMPLATE
Company
Industry/Vertical
Website
Software + Version
Solutions Engineer
Integration Manager
Payer Experience
General Questions
 Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
How do your customers make payments today?
 Can you demo how customers make payments today?
What are all the payment methods accepted by your system today?
 
Are there any payment methods not available today that are requested by your customers?
 
 
Do You have Single Sign On capabilities or will you be using Invoice Cloud Customer Portal? 
 
 
      If SSO, do you have a Identity Provider for SAML SSO or will you be using SSOConnect?
What part of the user experience will be through your UI and what part of the User experience will be through ours?
 
 
Do you need multi user login?
 
 
     What multi-user scenarios are in place, if any?
Landlord/tenant, Property Manager/tenant, etc. Take into account that Paperless is only at the Account Owner level.
How will existing users be migrated?
 
 
Do you need to link accounts?
 
 Multiple accounts for one user
 
Do you need IVR payments?
     If so, what is the unique identifier your customers would use?
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Invoices
Invoice Types
Notes
Response/Decision
Date
Invoice Type/Business Type
Example: Water, Sewer, Utility, Solid Waste, etc.
Are separate bills provided for different utility types?
Example: Are water and Sewer bills on the same bill, or do they have two separate bills?
         Is there an indicator in the file for each type of services? How can IC tell what type of bill it is.
Invoice Billing
Notes
Response/Decision Date
How often are bills produced?
Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, Annually etc.
How are delinquent and demand bills?
Do you send a new invoice for delinquent invoices? Do you require a special notice to be sent for delinquent invoices? What if someone is paperless and receives a delinquent notice?
IC Biller Invoice File (BIF)
Review Specs
Integrator File (if not using IC BIF)
Review Specs
        How is Integrator File Formatted?
XML, CSV, Pipe, Print Spool, etc.
How are changes made to an existing bill?
For example, need to modify due date, notification dates, auto-pay date, etc.
How can IC tell if it is a new invoice Vs a change to an existing invoice.
Based on the fields that need to be updated, this might require a BIF or IUF.
Are you able to customize data sent in the files?
If a change is needed to a custom file, can this be done?
Invoice Functionality
Notes
Response/Decision Date
Does your system produce unique invoice numbers?
If yes, are these numbers printed on bills, would customers recognize these numbers? If no, what combination of values can we use to create a unique number per invoice?
How are balances calculated per invoice? (Explain Balance Forward and Open Billing)
total balance on most recent invoice or balance available on multiple invoices
If a utility bill is not paid, does it roll over to the next bill, or does the initial bill remain open. Balance forward is the most common model - if open billing is requested, ensure we understand why and what the ramifications are. 
Can you provide us a full historical file for go live (everything outstanding) and a file with ONLY NEW bills for "go forward" basis?
Are fees (late fees, penalties, etc.) added to the invoice or the account?
Do you have a field for Past Due balances?
     What are the requirements around delinquencies?
Are there any Duplicate invoices?
     If yes, which bill should IC import?
Landlord receives a copy of the tenants bill each month
Do they need to be filtered out?
Do you offer payment plan?
Does the CIS handle payment plans in the data feeds? We expect to receive invoice that balance due each time.
Do you offer budget billing? (Budget Bill amount must be sent in Balance Due Field)
Does the CIS handle levelized billing/budget billing in the data feeds? We expect to receive invoice that balance due each time.
Do you offer Pre-Paid Billing?
(
Do you use a vendor for prepaid billing? Do you expect IC to process prepaid billing payments? Is your prepaid vendor willing to work with us? If no, How should invoice cloud receive an invoice record and how should we send payments?
Account Numbers
Notes
Response/Decision Date
Are Account Numbers unique per person? (Do you have customer numbers?)
Can we use a combination of Account number and customer number to create unique account numbers per person?
Are account numbers assigned to properties or individuals?
Under what circumstances would Account Numbers change?
Do you supply both mailing address and service address?
Required. Mailing address will be stored in custom fields and used as needed. Typically service address is displayed.
Do you expire previous bills so that payments cannot be made after a certain time? In what scenario(s)?
Do you offer AutoPay?
How will you communicate block payments to Invoice Cloud (CC or ACH)?
How are final bills handled? Are they in their own file?
Is there a deposit flow needed? Do account numbers get created before the deposit is taken?
How do you handle the deposit?
Is the service stop/start flow accounted for?
Is the disconnection/reconnection flow accounted for?
How are shutoff notices handled?
(Do you expect customers to pay a shutoff notice through Invoice Cloud?)
File Transfer
Notes
Response/Decision Date
Is there an automated process to produce the file? 
Files should be sent to IC any time there is a new billing
Which method will be used SFTP or Webservice?
SOAP Web services can only be used when coding to Invoice Cloud BIF specification.
Additional Notes
Balance Updates
Adjustments
 
Notes
 
Response/Decision
Date
What is the best way for IC to update balances? An API is preferred to allow IC to connect to your system to obtain the most recent balance.
 
Invoice Cloud prefers using an API to connect to the external system to obtain real time balances. This is referred to as RTDR (real time data refresh)?
 
API
Does the API allow balance to be pulled by invoice or by full account balance?
Will the API reflect the balance including any penalties, fees, etc.
Files Needed
IC Adjustment File (BAF)
Review specs
Integrator file (if not using IC BAF)
Review specs
Can you customize what is generated in the file?
Requirement: If a bill is paid outside of Invoice Cloud and the balance is now zero, the adjustment file must include this information.
If open billing, does the adjustment file contain the necessary information to match invoices on Invoice Cloud?
If adjustment file is by account, IC cannot use Open Billing.
Will the file contain the adjusted balance or only the adjustments amount for each invoice?
Balance differential verses fixed adjustment
How often can Adjustments be sent?
 
Adjustment File must be sent a minimum of 1x per day
 
Additional Notes
 
 
Account Changes
From Invoice Cloud
 
Notes
 
Response/Decision
Date
Invoice Cloud sends Autopay, Paperless, Customer Registrations, Email Address Changes. Is there an API to allow these changes?
 
 
What type of email changes are expected?
Registered customer email address, unregistered customer email address, one time payment email address (payer).
     If no, What format should we send these items to you? (Prompt for sample file)
 
 
From CIS (Customer Information System)
 
 
Invoice Cloud updates blocking of ACH/CC (cash only) customers in real time. Can this status be included in your API balance Response (RTDR)?
 
 
     If no, IC Customer Update File (CUF) is preferred
 Review IC CUF Spec
     If no, Billers must manually update blocked payments via biller portal
 
 
Do you want to offer 'Pay-By-Text'? 
Additional Notes
Payments from IC
Payments from Invoice Cloud
Notes
 
Response/Decision
Date
Would you be able to receive an API call to your system when payments are made in Invoice Cloud (Datapump)?
         If no, What file format should we send this information to you? (prompt for sample file)
Payment Export File
How is reconciliation handled on the CIS?
Are there separate batches by payment method (Visa, Amex, MC, Disc, PayPal, Venmo?
Is there a separate batch for ACH?
Are there specific GL codes that must be used?
Are additional fields available in the API to submit a reference number?
Reference number would be used to pass a Payment GUID. The payment GUID must be validated in the event a duplicate payment is sent in error. If a payment GUID is on file already, the second payment would be blocked (error).
Is a ReceiptGUID required?
Payment GUIDs are generated for each payment made for each invoice. A ReceiptGUID can contain multiple payments for different invoices and are representative of a transaction.
 
Additional Notes
 
Bill Presentment
Bill Presentment
Notes
  
Response/Decision Date
Date
Do all billers have the same print vendor?
Do you produce your own bill images or does your print vendor?
 
Could we get a sample of the bill itself?
 
Does the print vendor have a web service we can call to retrieve bills?
 
      If no, do you (or the print vendor) have the ability to send us bills (PDFS) as individually named files?
 PDFs must be sent with each new invoice file.
      If individual files are not provided, are PDFs readable? What information is included on the PDF so they can be linked to a customers bill?
How is info exchanged so that paperless customers are not sent bills?
 Does the paperless flag need to be sent to the print vendor?
 
Additional Notes
 
CSR/Agent Experience
General
Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
How do CSRs/Clerks take payments (phone or in person)?
 
 
Are card swipers used processing a transaction?
 
 
Can CSRs/clerks process payments by using a customer's stored payment method?
Do CSRs/clerks assist customers with self service activities like Paperless / Autopay / Pay by Text? If so, please explain:
IF YES:
  
 Review options in biller portal/agent connect/Cloud Pay V2
 
Do you use a separate system/software outside of the CIS for counter payments, if so what software? 
 
 
How do you accept cash payments? 
 
 
How do you accept credit card payments?
 
 
How do you accept paper checks? 
 
 
Additional Notes
 
 
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/3418325029/Template+Utility+Discovery