Summary
Document status
TEMPLATE
Company
TC 
Industry/Vertical
FS
Software + Version
V1
Solutions Architect
 
Introduction:
Coaching Objective: Outline the main goals of the coaching session and explain its structure and what the Partner/CIS can expect.
Understand their needs and look over existing APIs and documentation.
Discuss any challenges or issues the Partner/CIS is having with our APIs.
Most common web services: Payables API , Party API and Payable/ Party webhooks 
Environments provided - One sandbox , One UAT - 
https://api-sandbox.transcard.com
 and Production - 
https://api-prod.transcard.com
API JSON collection for reference all use cases ( Recommended to work with the TC team to generate the require
General Questions:
General Questions
 Notes
Web Services
  
Response/Decision
What are the different types of outgoing payment in the eco-system ?
Utilized to identify which product requires coaching. 
Payables API which use cases with single party or multi-party workflows
Payables API which reviews disbursement use cases ( ACH, RTP, MC Send, Cheques)
Outbound Use Case Guide
 
What features or functionalities are most important to you in an API? 
We can demo the IC-TC functionality that has been requested.
Using Postman collection attached above
Describe the templates and the default workflow for emails , text messages etc
Utilized to identify which of the requirements are for customization such as emails being sent from the biller, or some customized text in the body of the email etc.
Email / Text Templates and Smart Disburse UI template
Initial Payment notification Template
Expired Payment template
Reallocation of Payment Template
Disbursement Template
Email, SMS & UI Templates_06.12.2025.xlsx
SD Email_SMS notification editable.pptx
Walk through the Biller (Client) about the steps for create the template in smart Hub
This step is focused on gathering feedback on the template and maintaining them as much as possible default
Review the step by step format for the creation of the template.
Do you have any existing systems or tools that need to integrate with notification of the disbursements?
Required to configure the endpoint with OAuth2.0 credentials. 
• Customer to issue webhook API Credentials to
Transcard for incoming webhook messages.
• Customer to add IP Address Validation for incoming webhook messages
• US East2 (Primary) - 52.177.89.228
• US Central (DR) - 13.89.24.131
CIDR
 52.177.89.228/32
 13.89.24.131/32
Need to provide the webhooks 
request / response
 formats ( walk through is required)
Cheques default template review
Provide the biller with the default and out of the box understanding of the Cheque template / printing with TySy templates
TSYS Check Requirements & Template.docx
Pre-requisites
 Review the IMs steps with the Biller
Outbound Implementation Checklist Template.xlsx
Project Delivery Initiation - IC_05.15.2025.xlsx
 ( replaced with SF MVS is live )
Payables API V1:
Insurance payments, particularly those requiring third-party approvals, presents unique challenges. In scenarios where lien holders or mortgagees are involved, their roles often add layers of complexity, requiring manual processes or external coordination.
By integrating the Payables API, these workflows can be significantly streamlined. While lien holder and mortgagee-specific processes remain out of scope, the API enables a more efficient, transparent, and timely payment experience for the majority of disbursement scenarios. This approach enhances operational efficiency while laying a foundation for broader automation in the future.
General Questions
 Notes
  
Response/Decision
Date
Would you like to outbound disbursement to an existing or new account?
Single or Multiple approve can be passed.
Auto Claims 2. Home Mortgage Claims 3. Worker’s Comp Payments 4. Agent Commissions 5. Premium Refunds
Do you require security questions for this disbursement if so what are they?
if yes, there are three security questions available out of the box
Do you disburse payments with US and with US currency?
Webhook configurations for status of the payables requests are recommended
 Payable webhook URL
 Party webhook URL
 HTTP Method: POST 
SMART hub workflow demo for “paid”, “in-progress” and “completed” status are to be reviewed
Note  : Mock bank setup is required - please make this request while the setup is made with TC
Party API are created before payable request is triggered
Additional Notes
  
SMART Hub
 
Automated Payment Initiation:
 Upon the receipt of a claim, the system leverages the Create Payable API to instantly generate a payment entry, capturing all required claim and policyholder details. This automation expedites the settlement process, reduces manual intervention, and enhances operational efficiency.
SMART hub provides transparency of the workflow to the Insurance companies accounting and claims adjudication teams. Where they would be enabled to transfer stalled payments to expediated mode using the API 
Please use the dashboard to track the payment status and errors displayed
 User Roles * RBAC ( Role Based Access Control  )
SMART Hub Permissions
 
﻿
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/4416143376/Template+API+Coaching+Outbound