Purpose
Standardize the DS ticket escalation process, and set clear expectations for Dev Support engineers and escalation stakeholders.
Escalation Roles
Initiator: The individual who escalates the issue. This person must be in a manager or lead role within their organization.
Contact: The individual from the client-facing teams who are appointed to be the available point of contact for the escalation. Usually the Reporter.
Reporter: The individual who reported the DS ticket.
Assignee: The Individual responsible for identifying the root cause and feasible mitigation actions.
Responsibilities
Before escalation:
 Initiator:
The individual escalating the issues 
must 
articulate a valid reason as to why the ticket is being escalated
. 
Must assign an individual to be the Contact.
Reporter:
Must provide sufficient context regarding the issue, and share findings.
Must articulate reason as to why they cannot further research the issue without Dev Support’s assistance.
During escalation:
Contact:
Must be readily available to join a meeting and assist for the duration of the escalation.
Responsible for finding a replacement as Contact, if they are not available.
Assignee:
Must centralize all communications related to the issue in a 
single 
public 
slack channel
. See reference material: 
https://invoicecloud.atlassian.net/wiki/x/GADr7
 .
Must add the channel as a comment in the DS ticket.
Must provide relevant or noteworthy updates when possible. 
Responsible for assessing the root cause of the issue and taking action accordingly.
After Escalation:
Reporter
The reporter and their team are solely responsible for crafting communications to affected parties. 
Limits
General
No more than 3 escalations per day. 
No more than 5 active escalations.
Low-impact issues will not be accepted as escalations (e.g. One payer did not receive a notification).
Assignee
Only one escalation per assignee.
Will not provide completion estimates.
Communication Policy for Escalations
Once communications have been centralized in a 
single 
public 
slack channel
, the expectation for all stakeholders is to only use the centralized channel for communications relating to the issue for the duration of the escalation.
Process
The initiator will post the DS ticket with an articulated reason for the escalation in the #sre-escalations slack channel. The post must also include the Contact.
Someone in Dev Support will acknowledge and review the ticket. Once reviewed, an engineer will be assigned to work on the escalation. 
The Assignee must take the following clerical actions:
Add the ESCALATION tag to the DS ticket.
Move the ticket to the Highest priority.
Assignee then creates a 
public 
slack channel whose name format starts with the DS ticket number, and a brief description of the issue (e.g. 
ds-####-issue-in-some-service
). 
Add all stakeholders from the client-facing teams and product engineering teams to the channel. 
Include the reporter of the DS-ticket.
Include the individual who escalated the ticket.
Always include
 and 
 . 
Always include your crew lead.
Post the name of the channels in the DS ticket.
The assignee conducts a preliminary assessment and establishes communications with stakeholders as necessary.
Once the root cause of the issue has been identified, the Assignee will provide a summary of their finding, including any new items associated with a resolution.
 URL:/spaces/DS/pages/2461597697/Ticket+Escalation+Process