 Participants
InvoiceCloud
 
 
 
Town of Dartmouth 
Gary Carreiro, Jennifer Garrant
Goals
Review of Town of Dartmouth’s products, operations, & usage
Review of what work well works / what works well / questions
Summary
 
POSITIVE 
Meeting with little concerns, overall happy with InvoiceCloud. 
 
TRUSTWORTHY
 - They have never had people be nervous and not trust the IC system. They said they perceive and their payers perceive InvoiceCloud to be trust worthy. 
 
HAPPY WITH SUPPORT
. Especially compared to Munis their CIS system. Pay 180k per year just for support from Munis. 
 
REFERENCABLE 
- They had a large meeting with Marketing the previous week and have been a good spokesperson for InvoiceCloud.
 Total collected per year: $100 million
Cash: $1.2 million ($2.8 million pre-COVID)
IC : $20 million
Check (lockbox): $55 million
 Discussion topics
Item
Notes
EMV
Interested in EMV and new devices. Currently their cashiering does not work with Munis “its like a big calculator” 
Dartmouth Performance 
Like the data Steele brought showing payment count and payment volume by payment method. Gary asked if he could get a copy of the presentation and particularly the payment count and volume data to share with the board and his boss. 
Reconciliation 
Reconciliation is the most difficult pain point for Jenn. She is currently printing out the batch close emails and comparing that with bank statements to reconcile. Jenn is behind to January in reconcile and has reported sometimes taking a full day to find and resolve and recon issue. 
She was told NOT to use IC’s reconciliation report from a previous employee when she was trained. We don’t know why she was trained to not use it. We showed her it and she found it helpful to start however we found some errors: 
total amounts did not add up from page to page 
some amounts then did not match in her banking statements. 
Unsure if OBD reconciliation is separate from the whole reconciliation report. We were told by John that “there's an OBD Reconciliation report currently, but it's getting removed next month when the OBD funding change has taken place for all billers. There's also an OBD Deposits report which will remain.”
Check Free Pay
Very interested in Check Free Pay and didn’t know this was an offering. We explained how this would work from the payer side and the how they would receive the file.  Explained this is a network of different stores and they seemed to like this as Dartmouth is a heavy retail location. Steele said he would get more information on this and send over to them. 
Payer Site 
Received 2-3 calls per week from payers asking about why they are signed up for paperless as user didn’t see the defaulted checkbox on paperless. Jenn asked if we could turn this off but instead we offered the Pendo message alerting the payer they would be signing up for paperless and she was okay with this. It was implemented on the site that day.  
Point of Sale
They are interested in a handheld POS device (think PAX A920 Pro for us) that works independently, including over cell, for their teams in the field to take payments (restart terminated service when unlocking a meter onsite). Nate was very interested and excited about the possibility – concerned about how it would work for security side.  
CloudStore 
They have a lot of CloudStore items and these are frequently changing, mostly from the school. They want an easier / automatic way to change Cloudstore items seasonally (think beach parking passes increase every year in the summer). They said it would be nice to have more people in their office with IC access/resources to change these and possibly have an automatic way to update. 
OBD Issues 
They are using OBD and it's working out but sometimes they get a declined because IC couldn’t match it. 
They also say OBD has to be done EVERY DAY. Jenn was unsure how / if they roll over to the next day.
OBD doesn’t roll over day to day with open sessions from previous day, OBD should be completed daily.
Payment Plans and RSP
They have payment plans currently for delinquent payers. The payer has to come into the office, explain their situation and sign an agreement plan to pay 25% of the past due then and then make payments until the balance is paid off. It must be paid off before their next bill (currently they have a 6 month cycle, but will be moving to quarterly soon). If the delinquent bill is not paid off, their service is shut off and receive shut off letter. 
We advised that RSP could be used for these payers and Steele will put in case to enabled this. We also told them they could set up the schedule for the payer while payer is in the office - they payer would just need to have a payment method saved.
Check Free Pay
Opened Op with Sales to contact biller
 Action items




91


complete


Connecting Vicky with Jennifer to go over reconciliation.






92


incomplete


Steele to get them information on Check Free Pay, and EMV.






93


complete


Steele opened case for RSP to be turned to use for their Payment Plans. 




 Decisions
c2a23a93-ea00-4fa2-a179-1032d415efb2
7d1bbeef-4267-4360-aab5-8b320832b35c
DECIDED
InvoiceCloud will come back on site at some point, TBD.
655fe887-8add-4125-939e-0d898e0d1a96
DECIDED
We will connect Jenn with Vicky to do a one on one training hopefully for Jenn on reconciliation, resolve the issues she is seeing and help her learn how to use the reports better (not having to print out the emails and use IC’s reporting)
InvoiceCloud will come back on site at some point, TBD.
We will connect Jenn with Vicky to do a one on one training hopefully for Jenn on reconciliation, resolve the issues she is seeing and help her learn how to use the reports better (not having to print out the emails and use IC’s reporting)
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2711486484/Town+of+Dartmouth+May+24th+2023+Meeting+Notes