Runbook 
Tracking with Multi-Release/Multi-Phase Projects
Description
Some projects, particularly in the Insurance vertical, have a need to break out their go live into multiple releases. For these cases, we developed a new sheet which resides in the Blueprint which allows the IM/PM to track different release dates and associate a a portion of the total MRR to each release. 
Content
2
Change Log
Date
Author
Version
Description
1/9/2025
Brian Norton
1.0
Initial Draft
 
Brian Norton
1.1
Updated Title to make search for article easier in Confluence
Summary
Purpose
The purpose of this guide is to provide instruction on how to manage projects with multiple release dates, and how to track these dates in Smartsheet. 
Audience
The intended use will be primarily Implementation Managers and Enterprise Project Managers who use Smartsheet to manage the Biller Implementations.
note
How to enable a Multi-Release project


How to enable a Multi-Release project


The first step is to indicate that the project will use the multi-release functionality. This is done from the Project Schedule sheet. From the Sheet Summary, locate the field called “Multi-Release” and set its value to True. 
Next, you’ll use the sheet called “Multi Release GL Sheet Summary” to track the individual release dates, the go live status, and the MRR allocation for each release. The sheet can support up to 10 individual releases. 
Each release consists of three separate fields. 
Go Live Date
 - the date of go live for this particular release
Is Live 
- True or False. Indicates if the release is live in production
MRR 
- The portion of the Opportunity’s total MRR that is associated with this release
Control columns were put in place to help confirm you always utilitize 100% of the available MRR. If mistakes are made in the disbursement of MRR it may result in under- or over-reporting the MRR for the project. 
Total MRR
 - this is the total MRR for this Project/Opportunity
Remaining MRR
 - this is the Total MRR minus the MRR you’re allocated across the releases. If done correctly, this field should always result in 0.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3887857665/Tracking+Multi-Release+Multi-Phase+Projects