Page Navigation
Document Status
DRAFT
 
Document Owner
 
 
Knowledge Transfer
Summary
Summary
Details
Software Partner Name
Tyler Technologies
Software Product Name
Munis Utility Billing
Software Cashiering System
Supported Versions
Version 2019 or higher
Version 2019 is required for API - also ask Biller if they have purchased the API and have a specific instance implemented by Tyler
Integration Requirements and Pre-Requisites
Vertical
Utility
Sample Biller Implementation
City of Bend Utility
Planning
Test Portals
IC Hosted Test Portal - Generated for each Biller
Biller Test Portal - Munis will create a portal for each biller.
Rules of Engagement
General Tyler Munis consultant - Randy Mercer 
rmercier@rdmsoftwareconsulting.com
Each biller is generally assigned support from Tyler Munis - work with biller to schedule calls
Timeline
Configuration
Invoice Types
Usually only Utility (42)
Virtual Site
Required Options
ID
Option Description
Details
1
Allow Adjustments on Closed Invoices
Enable this option if Payments and Adjustments can be applied to an Invoice that is considered closed. There are cases in which the recommended functionality is to disable this option. One case is Balance Forward, which by definition the balance of the previous Invoice is adjusted out and moved to the new Invoice. No more payments or adjustments should be allowed on that closed Invoice.
If balance forward set to off if not set to on
64
Override 6 hour previous RTDR Check
This will prevent RTDR from only happening every 6 hours.
48
Advanced Setting - Option 48 (not CRM Options)
Reverse Account Number - Acct-Cust, Cust-Acct
The standard account number format will be Account Number + '-' + Customer Number format. For the standard account number format Advanced Setting 48 needs to be turned on for RTDR and Data Pump to work. IT will handle this during implementation
 
50
Option 50
By Default the Account Number format is.. Enable this option if you want the account number to be…
Option 50 in the Biller Portal will be used if the account number is in Customer Number + '-' + Account Number format. The standard Tyler Munis integration will be Account Number + '-' + Customer Number format. 
Coding Requirements
Invoice Cloud Coding Requirements
What
Provided By
When
note
Important Details


Important Details


Invoice Data
Biller in Tyler Munis XML Format
Before IT starts implementing
Data is in a general XML format. 
Before implementing figure out if the biller is using open billing or balance forward and include that in the Jira.
Adjustment File
N/A
Payment File
N/A
Bill Presentment
Print Vendor or Biller
Before IT starts implementing
Specific for each biller
RTDR API
Biller
RTDR Passcode
Biller
DataPump API (same as RTDR API)
Same
DataPump Passcode (same as RTDR Passcode)
Same
Multi-Database Name (not always applicable)
N/A
SSO URL
N/A
PDF URL
N/A
Whitelisting IP Addresses
Invoice Cloud
Ask Biller if needed for implementation
Partner Coding Requirements 
note
NOT NEEDED - Invoice Cloud codes to Munis API but Munis does not code to Invoice Cloud API


NOT NEEDED - Invoice Cloud codes to Munis API but Munis does not code to Invoice Cloud API


Contacts
Implementation Learnings - Tyler Integrations
Getting autopay information extracted out of Tyler is difficult. The data cannot be extracted in its entirety. Data matching is needed. New Port Richey found the workaround attached below.
 URL:/spaces/IM/pages/1870495849/Tyler+Munis+Real+Time+Implementation+Overview