The way our system handles unregistration differs across the platform. 
Customer Accounts can be unregistered from the Customer Portal, Agent Connect, Biller Portal, ICRestAPI or the RemoteAuthAPI. 
Our goal is to define the ideal consistent behavior for unregistration and apply it across the different endpoints unregistration can occur.
What is unregistration?
📌 
Unregistration
 = removing a Payer user’s account association from the platform. It affects login records, payment methods, account ownership, and enrollments.
Unregistration - Logins
Customer Portal (MyIIS)
User Flow:
 A payer unregisters from their profile.
Ownership Handling
If the login being removed is a co-owner, it’s simply deleted.
If the login is an owner and co-owners exist:
One co-owner is promoted to owner
The owner is deleted
If the login is an owner with no co-owners:
The customer account is unregistered entirely
All payment methods, scheduled payments, AutoPay and notifications are removed
RemoteAuth API
Flow:
 Request contains a username email & list of account numbers to unregister
Ownership Handling
If the login is an owner:
Delete the login, unregisters the customer, and clears associated records
If co-owners exist, one is promoted
If Group Oversight logins exist and the biller allows it, these can unregister users too
If no co-owners or oversight logins exist:
Unregisters the owner and creates a new “blank” owner or temp login
ICRestAPI
Flow: 
Uses the account number to find logins and determines if unregistration can proceed
Ownership Handling
If the login 
is
 
not an owner
 the login is deleted
If the owner 
is owner and co-owners exist
:
Owner is deleted
A co-owner is promoted to owner
If the login 
is owner with no co-owners:
Deletes the owner login
Creates a new “blank” owner or temp login
Note: 
Similar to RemoteAuth, but less flexible. Relies on account ownership assumptions.
Important Takeaways
Promotion logic is 
first row wins
The first co-owner returned from the DB is promoted
Payment methods are 
not transferred 
from unregistering owners to promoted co-owners
AutoPay enrollments are NOT unenrolled
 during unregistration when a payment method is removed and AutoPay remains in an “active” state which is misleading and can cause failures
Common Behaviors
Co-owner promotion
 is supported across the platform when the owner is removed and a co-owner exists
Biller Options
 strongly influence the unregistration behavior
Biller Option 78: If co-owners are allowed
Biller Option 74: If multi-user is enabled and Group Oversights exist on an account
Biller Option 24: AutoPay opt-out
Inconsistencies
Blank Owner or Temp Login Creation
RemoteAuth and ICRestAPI sometimes create a new temp login post-unregistration
Group Oversight handling needs definition
Valid agent scenarios: when a payer is unregistering but an agent is to remain on the account
Error handling is not consistent
ICRestAPI is stricter and will fail if the owner login has no email address or is inactive
Customer Portal and RemoteAuth API do not have these checks in place
Customer Portal will send AutoPay OFF email notifications whereas RemoteAuth API and ICRestAPI do not
:question_mark:
atlassian-question_mark
:question_mark:
#FFFAE6
What is the benefit of creating a temp login post-unregistration?
Ideal Unregistration Behaviors - Logins
 
 Non-MCL: Single Account Owner
If
 a Customer unregisters from their profile or a request is sent to unregister a Customer
Then
 the Customer should be unregistered entirely
And
 all payment methods tied to that User Login are deleted
And
 scheduled payments and AutoPay settings that are directly tied to those removed payment methods are unenrolled
And
 all email notifications are no longer sent
 
Non-MCL: Account Owner is Unregistering with a Co-owner
If 
a Customer unregisters from their profile or a request is sent to unregister a Customer
Then
 the Customer should be unregistered entirely
And
 all payment methods tied to that User Login are deleted
And
 all scheduled payments and AutoPay settings that are directly tied to those removed payment methods are unenrolled
Then
 the Co-owner on the account is promoted to Account Owner
And
 any account level settings (Paperless, Pay by Text) remain on the Customer Account.
Eventually we will offer Pay by Text at the user level. If the Customer unregistering is has a phone number, we should remove it and any associated Pay by Text settings.
 MCL: Account Owner is Unregistering with a Guest
Should we give the Account Owner the option to remove the Guest as well while unregistering their account?
 MCL: Account Owner is Unregistering with a Group Oversight
This is a valid scenario for agents. Need to think through this.
Unregistration - Unlinking Accounts
Need research into this area. TBC.
 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4649844849/Unregistration+Behaviors+Logins+Account+Linking