Research Goals
Identify the strengths, weaknesses, and areas for improvement of the prototypes.
Research Questions
Do billers know how to find custom text/content in InvoiceCloud?
Do billers understand the difference between default text and custom text?
Are billers able to edit and preview default custom text?
Do billers know where the custom text will be updated on the site?
Are billers able to translate text from English to Spanish?
Are billers able to edit custom content for cloud store?
Are billers able to find and edit the invoice name?
Are billers able to find and edit the invoice type search text?
Methodology
We will conduct remote moderated usability tests via Zoom with 5-8 biller users who are actually responsible for updating virtual site settings at their organization.
During the sessions, participants will be shown a prototype and share their screen. They will be asked to perform tasks while thinking out loud.
Participants
These are the primary characteristics of the study’s participants:
Screener:
Schedule Testing
Stage
Date
Status
Recruitment
Dates until slots are full
Complete
Green
 
Sessions
Dates
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Delivery
Date
in progress
Yellow
Tasks/Script
Intro
"Thanks so much for taking the time to join me on this call! I'm <your name> and my pronouns are <pronouns> and I'm a <your role> at InvoiceCloud, and my job is to understand how people use InvoiceCloud, and help us make sure we're building the right tools."
If anyone else is on the call, introduce them.
"Before we start, I'll give you a bit of context about what we'll be doing today":
I'll send you a link to the prototype in the Zoom chat and then I'll have you share your screen. I'll ask you to complete some tasks with the prototype so you can show us how you would use it."
How does that sound? Any questions so far?
If you want to turn off any notifications like text or email or anything that might distract you, feel free, but if things pop up on your screen while you're sharing, it's not a big deal.
Ground Rules
A couple more things I want you to know:
"First and most importantly, the purpose of this is to evaluate the prototype, not you. There are no right or wrong answers, no stupid questions. I'll ask a lot of questions but I don't want it to feel like I'm testing you because I'm really testing the designs, to figure out if they work, if they make sense. We want to make sure the prototype matches the way you think and seems logical to you.
If something doesn't make sense, you don't need to be nice! Feel free to be brutally honest and tell me if you don't like something or if something doesn't make sense – that's the best way we can fix things. You won't hurt my feelings, I promise.
As you go through the tasks, try to act the way you would in the real world, as best you can. You're here because you're the exact type of person we're designing this for, so act as you normally would. The one exception to that is:
During the activities, talk me through your actions and your thought processes out loud. This is really important because I can't read your mind and it will really help me understand what does or doesn't make sense and what you're thinking.
For example, if I were to ask you ‘how would you hide this window?’ you might say ’well, usually I can hide things by clicking on an x so I’d look for that and yep, I see an x in the corner so I’d click on that”
You'll be using a prototype today which is an in-progress design, so not everything will be fully functional. It's something that we are actively working on. In the case where you encounter something that doesn't work, you can tell us what you expected to happen.
"Feel free to ask any questions at any time during the session. I may not answer them, and that's not because I’m avoiding your questions, I just don't want to influence the way you interact with the prototype. If there's time at the end, we can revisit questions that came up."
"I know that was a lot, do you have any questions before we get started?"
"Is it ok with you if we record this? It will make sure we don't miss any important details."
"Once recording starts, I'll ask that again just so we have your answer as part of the recording."
Start recording.
 "Are you ok if we record this?"
"Let's start with an introduction: can you tell us a bit about yourself and your role at <Organization>? What are some common tasks you do throughout the week? How long have you worked at <Organization> ?”
"Now I'm going to put a link in the Zoom chat here: (add prototype link), so go ahead and click on that and when you've got it open, share your screen with the green share button at the bottom. You might have to give your computer permission for that, I know I had to do that on my mac the first time."
Goal
Task
Screen(s) Needed
0.5
Set up scenario
For this usability test, imagine you work at a utility company and have been asked to update some specific content on the payer site. You have logged into your biller portal and are ready to start.
1
Do billers know how to find custom text/content in InvoiceCloud?
Where would you expect to to be able to edit custom text in the biller portal? Feel free to click around and show me.
Dashboard, Nav Drop downs, Custom Text
2
Are billers able to 
preview
 default custom text in both languages?
First you need to update text on the Payment Methods page. You want to figure out what text is currently displaying though. Can you walk me through how you would find out what it currently says in English and Spanish on the Payment Methods page?
Custom Text, Payment Methods Screens, Notification, Confirmation, Edited Custom Text Table
2.1
Are billers able to 
edit
  default custom text in both languages?
Your company prefers invoices to be called bills. Can you walk me through how you would update this text?
Next, you noticed the Spanish translation for the search button on the customer locator page needs to be updated. 
Custom Text, Payment Methods Heading Screens
Optional Messages, AutoPay Screens
3
Do billers know what pages on the site will be updated?
Before you update it, you want to figure out what other pages this button shows up on within the payer site. Talk me through how you would figure this out and feel free to click around.
Custom Text, Payment Methods Heading Screens
2.1
Are billers able to 
edit
  default custom text in both languages?
Can you show me how you would go about updating the Spanish text? The English text is correct so you can leave it as it is.
4
Do billers understand the difference between default text and custom text?
Next, your company was running a raffle for payers to win a car when they signed up for Paperless. This raffle ended yesterday. There is a message about the raffle that shows after someone pays. 
Can you show me how you would find this text and change it back to what it was originally?
2.1
Are billers able to 
edit
  default custom text in both languages?
Your next item is to update instructions for AutoPay. 
Can you walk me through how you would find the AutoPay content to update? 
Can you show me how you would go about adding AutoPay instructions
5
Are billers able to translate text from English to Spanish?
Based on if they add a Spanish translation: 
If you wanted to drive autopay adoption among Spanish speakers, how would you add a Spanish translation for AutoPay?
AutoPay Instructions Screens
6
Do billers know where specific content can be edited?
Now, you want to add some contact information to your payer site.
Where would you expect to find this section? You can click around and talk me through what you’re thinking.
Can you show me how you would go about adding contact information to the site?
Welcome Text, Welcome Text Screens
7
Are billers able to edit custom content for cloud store?
You were just informed that the scholarship application on your site still says “2023,” can you show me how you’d update that to say “2024?”
Please update the applicant number section to say “2024 Applicant Number”
People don’t know how to find their applicant number. Can you show me where you would add text to help explain this?
Cloud Store, Scholarship, Settings/Form Screens
8
Get General Feedback
You completed all the tasks! 
What did you find most confusing? 
What do you think billers will get tripped up on when they are trying to update content?
How often do you receive requests about content changes?
What sections are people asking to update most often?
Do you have any other thoughts you would like share about these designs?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3295248412/Usability+Test+Plan+Template