Research Goals
Validate that the interface in production meets the needs of the billers in the tracking of uploaded invoice files through the different phases they go through in our system. 
Research Questions
Is the user easily able to navigate to the Dashboard? 
Do billers recognize the purpose of the dashboard without prompting? 
Does the interface accurately reflect the phases that a file goes through?
Is it apparent the difference between the originally uploaded file, and its parts? 
Do the status indicators make sense for the files in different phases? 
Is there enough information provided to satisfy the user goals inherent? 
Does the user understand what action to take when there are errors? If not, do they know where to get help?
What is missing from this version of the Dashboard?
Methodology
We will conduct remote moderated usability tests via Zoom with 5-8 biller users who are actually responsible for updating user and role settings at their organization. Calls should likely be 30 minutes, and we can offer a gift card for their participation ($ amount TBD). 
During the sessions, participants will be asked to pull up the biller portal and share their screen while they walk through the new features and speak aloud their thoughts. 
Participants
Sarah B-  has an 
initial list of billers 
to potentially invite
Billers we engaged with previously: 
https://invoicecloud360.sharepoint.com/:x:/s/CustomerSuccess/EQYjlzXPCulClwq7iP4WmGsB8haxVP3IQaKOuC2HUlTnBA?e=4%3AL5F6Ui&at=9&CID=32B997C6-BC22-47B7-A34A-11818A1ACB75
 
List of invitees: 
Schedule Internal Testing
Stage
Date
Status
Recruitment
5/31/24
Started
Green
 
Sessions
6/28 with Portland
Started
Green
Results Delivery
NO SHOW
END
Red
Tasks/Script
Thank you for accepting my invitation! As I mentioned in the invite, I work as a Product Designer for Invoice Cloud. Part of my job is to learn about the users of our application, both on the Payer and the Biller side. That way, we can make improvements to our products so that they are easier to use and provide the most value for you. The scope of this interview will be mostly around the Biller Portal’s new section for managing invoice file uploads,  but if you have comments on the Customer Portal/Virtual Site for Payers, we can address those too.
***Notify them that the call is recorded for research purposes***
I have a list of questions to guide this conversation to start, and then we can move on to specific feedback you might have.
Demographics-
Would you consider yourself Tech Savvy?
Which device/operating system/browser do you typically use to access our system?
Personas-
Can you tell me what your job title is at [Biller Company]?
Can you tell me what your role typically is when using the Invoice Cloud products? Are there others at your company that might use our product differently than you do? (please detail)
Ok, next I will ask you to pull up the biller portal and share your screen. 
Dashboard-
Can you navigate to the Dashboard where you are able to view the invoice files that are uploaded? 
Does this screen look familiar to you? What is your first impression of it?
User Experience-
When dealing with invoice files, what are your goals? 
Are you able to easily tell what the purpose is of this screen?
Imagine you have uploaded an invoice file and it appears on this Dashboard. Do you know what actions to take on this screen? 
Are there any features you would hope to see that currently don't exist? How can we make this easier for you to meet your goals?
 
RATE 1(strongly disagree) to 5(strongly agree)---
Usability (Navigation, Orientation)
Appearance (Simple, Clean Design)
Credibility (Accurate Data, Confident in making payments)
Loyalty (if given a choice, would use again)
 
….Ok, thank you so much for taking the time to give this feedback. I am hoping to do interviews like these on a regular basis. Would it be ok if I followed up with you in future?
*Send thank you card/incentive via 
Rewards Genius
*
Goal
Task
Screen(s) Needed
0.5
Set up scenario
TBD
TBD
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3262316546/Usability+Test+Plan+-+File+Dashboard