Research Goals
Validate that the interface in production meets the needs of the billers in the area of managing user roles and permissions in the Biller Portal. 
Research Questions
Is the user easily able to navigate to the 1) Manage Users, 2) Manage Roles, and 3) Audit Logs screens? 
Are they able to understand the concepts of User Management, Roles Management, and Permissions Management, and how they relate to each other in our system? 
Do billers recognize the purpose of those landing screens without prompting?
Do they understand the actions that they can take on each screen?
Is the system flexible enough for them to accomplish their goals in managing the above not just for individual users, but lists of multiple users? 
Do the predetermined categories of Roles roughly match the roles inherent in the biller's org? 
Does the categorization of permission sets make sense to them? 
Are the permissions granular enough? 
Do they understand the concept of overrides when managing permissions within a role? 
Are they able to recover from errors? If not do they understand where to get help? 
Is there anything missing from the UI feature- or functionality-wise?
Methodology
We will conduct remote moderated usability tests via Zoom with 5-8 biller users who are actually responsible for updating user and role settings at their organization. Because there is so much going on in this section, the calls should be an hour. We can offer a gift card for their participation ($ amount TBD). 
During the sessions, participants will be asked to pull up the biller portal and share their screen while they walk through the new features and speak aloud their thoughts. 
Participants
John- collecting a list of billers to talk to, as follow up from previous interviews on this feature. If they are not available, we will target billers who mentioned in the past that they had issues with the permissions feature. 
Schedule Internal Testing
Stage
Date
Status
Recruitment
6/3/24
started
Green
 
Sessions
6/27 with Safety
STARTED
Green
Results Delivery
6/28
END
Green
Tasks/Script
Thank you for accepting my invitation! As I mentioned in the invite, I work as a Product Designer for Invoice Cloud. Part of my job is to learn about the users of our application, both on the Payer and the Biller side. That way, we can make improvements to our products so that they are easier to use and provide the most value for you. The scope of this interview will be mostly around the Biller Portal’s new section for managing user roles and permissions,  but if you have comments on the Customer Portal/Virtual Site for Payers, we can address those too.
***Inform them that the call is being recorded for research purposes***
I have a list of questions to guide this conversation to start, and then we can move on to specific feedback you might have.
Demographics-
Would you consider yourself Tech Savvy?
Which device/operating system/browser do you typically use to access our system?
Personas-
Can you tell me what your job title is at [Biller Company]?
Can you tell me what your role typically is when using the Invoice Cloud products? Are there others at your company that might use our product differently than you do? (please detail)
Ok, next I will ask you to pull up the biller portal and share your screen. 
Landing Screen(s)-
Does this screen look familiar to you? What are your initial impressions of it? 
Do you know what actions are available for you to take on this screen?
User Experience-
What are your goals with this section of the product? What real world tasks are you primarily trying to accomplish?
Are there any features you would hope to see that currently don't exist? How can we make this easier for you to meet your goals?
RATE 1(strongly disagree) to 5(strongly agree)---
Usability (Navigation, Orientation)
Appearance (Simple, Clean Design)
Credibility (Accurate Data, Confident in making payments)
Loyalty (if given a choice, would use again)
 
….Ok, thank you so much for taking the time to give this feedback. I am hoping to do interviews like these on a regular basis. Would it be ok if I followed up with you in future?
 
*Send thank you card/incentive via 
Rewards Genius
*
Goal
Task
Screen(s) Needed
0.5
Set up scenario
TBD
TBD
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3260252163/Usability+Test+Plan+-+Roles+Permissions