Background
Describe what led to this study. Discuss the recent history of the project. Be brief, no more than five sentences.
Example:
 Since January 2009, when the XYZ Phone was introduced to the world, particularly after its market release, journalists, bloggers, industry experts, other stakeholders and customers have privately and publicly expressed negative opinions about the XYZ Phone’s keyboard. These views suggest that the keyboard is hard to use and that it imposes a poor experience on customers. Some have claimed this as the main reason why the XYZ Phone will not succeed among business users. Over the years, several improvements have been made to data entry (such as using horizontal keyboards for most features), to no avail.
Business Problem
Example:
 Not enough people are signing up for our subscription. We see a decline in subscription revenue by 5%.
User Problem
Is the business problem also a user problem? Usually not. To find the user problem, ask:
Why would the customer care about this?
How could this be impacting our customers?
Would solving this help out customers? If so, how?
Example:
 If people aren't signing up for the subscription, there may be a few problems:
They are not getting the information they need
They are not able to finish the subscription funnel to sign up
The subscription is not solving a problem for them
They have questions that aren't getting answered
Goals
Now that you've identified the user problems, you can choose which problem (or problems) to focus on. To help articulate this, ask “How would you explain to someone else, in one sentence, the reason for conducting this study?” It’s ok to have a numbered list of very short goal statements, but it you have more than 3-4 goals, you are either aiming too high (meaning you have too many goals) or repeating yourself.
Identify the strengths and weaknesses of data entry on the XYZ Phone, and provide opportunities for improvement.
Research Questions
These are the specifics, the core of your plan. Provide a numbered list of questions that you plan to answer during the study. It is extremely important that your stakeholders understand that you will not necessarily be asking the study participants these questions. As a rule of thumb, have no more than seven to ten questions, preferably around five. Later on, you will construct your study script to answer these questions. An effective way to think about research questions is to imagine that they are the headings in the study’s summary.
How do people enter data on the XYZ Phone?
What is the learning curve of new XYZ Phone users when they enter data?
What are the most common errors users make when entering data?
Hypothesis
Forming a specific, testable hypothesis forces you and your team to think through the assumptions in your designs and business decisions.
We believe that…
informed guess of the user's behavior
So if we...
an action, something we want the user to do or think the user is going to do
Then we will see...
expected result or a measure of success is entered
Methodology
The goal of this section is to briefly inform the stakeholders of what will happen, for how long and where. Below are some of the most common and effective research methods to choose from with sample descriptions. For some studies, one method may be sufficient but other studies may require a combination of methods to answer all the research questions.
Usability testing
Eight 60-minute one-on-one sessions will be held with product users in a usability lab. During the sessions, study participants will be asked to perform five tasks while thinking out loud. They will then be debriefed and interviewed about their experience.
Field study (ethnography, contextual inquiry)
A three-member team from our company will conduct 12 two-hour visits at users’ homes. During these visits, the team will first observe how users perform task 1, task 2, and task 3. Afterward, study participants will walk the study team through different artifacts (such as systems, printouts, and spreadsheets) that they use, and finally, participants will be interviewed briefly. Following each visit, the study team will conduct a 15-minute debriefing session.
Survey
A ten-question survey will be fielded through direct email to our entire existing user base. The survey will take five minutes to complete and we expect 1 percent of our users (about 500 people) to complete it.
Interviews
A series of 16 prescheduled 30-minute interviews will be held in the upcoming ABC conference in Rome, Italy, with potential users. Interviews will mostly include open-ended questions.
Cognitive walkthrough
Three product users will participate in a one-hour session, during which a task will be presented, as well as a prototype. Participants will answer three questions: what will they do next, what do they expect to happen, and what feedback do they have. The next screen will be presented based on participant answers and the three questions will be asked again. This step will go on until the task is complete.
Diary study
A three-week diary study will be held with expert users. Participants will be asked to post from four to six diary entries describing their experience when they first use the new Groups feature. Diary entries will be posted through a private blog and will cover any relevant topic participants feel they should share.
Participatory design
A two-hour meeting will be held, during which key product stakeholders (including product managers, software developers, sales rep, marketing manager) and three product users brainstorm design solutions. The primary deliverable of the meeting is a rough sketch for the main design challenge at stake. (Note that this is just a sample participatory design activity.)
Focus group
A 90-minute group activity and discussion will take place with six potential product customers. The group moderator will introduce a topic to the group participants and direct them to work in two teams on a collage around the presented topic. Each team will then present their collage and a discussion will be held. (Note that this is just a sample focus group activity.)
Card sorting
A series of 20 thirty-minute one-on-one sessions with our existing website users will be held in our headquarters. Study participants will be given 50 cards, each with a name of a page in our website. They will be asked to sort the cards into logical groups and name each group while thinking out loud. A recommended structure for the site will be calculated and group names will be analyzed.
A/B testing (split testing or live experiments)
Fifty percent of our usual website traffic will be diverted into a different design of the sign-up process. Various usage metrics will be tracked and logged.
Unmoderated online study
An email invitation to participate in an online study will go out to 10,000 website users who meet a set of predefined criteria. When participants click the study link, they will be taken to the study environment and will read instructions and answer an opening questionnaire. Half of the participants will then complete three tasks with our website; the other half will complete the same tasks with our primary competitor’s website. Participants’ actions and responses to task-related questions will be recorded and analyzed. The study will require a 20-minute effort, and we expect 3 percent of our users (about 300 people) to complete it.
Analysis of product data
We will look at data from the product DB or Pendo to understand customer behavior.
Participants
Provide a list of the primary characteristics of the people you will be recruiting to participate in the study. Have a good reason for each and every characteristic. If you have two participant groups, describe both groups’ characteristics in lists or in a table. Append a draft form that you’ll use to screen participants.
The intent is two-fold:
To be able to segment the panel list by basic demographics for our future studies.
To set a baseline for targeted themes for on the industry standard for SUPR-Q measurement, against which we can compare future measurements. 
If a user drops off at this point, they will be excluded from the panel.
Segmentation Attributes
Tech Savvy-ness
Age
Primary Language
Type of bill user pays
Location
Targeted Themes
Usability 
Credibility (Trust, Value & Comfort) 
Loyalty 
Appearance 
NPS (Likelihood to recommend)
Intake Survey
Intent
Question
Options
NDA needs to be present on all screeners
To be considered for the study, you will need to review and agree to the following terms:
InvoiceCloud may share certain information with you which may include, but may not be limited to, the existing and proposed product and services, pricing, technical, developmental, financial, marketing, managerial and other aspects of, and information pertaining to InvoiceCloud and its products and services.
By participating in this program with InvoiceCloud, you agree to the following:
You will not disclose to third parties any information or assets that are shared with you
InvoiceCloud may use any information or assets that are created or shared as part of this engagement for any purpose that InvoiceCloud sees fit, including but not limited to, creating new products, services, and features. InvoiceCloud will not sell information collected about you through this program (such as name, email address) to third parties.
I agree to the terms. 
skip to q2
Green
 
I do not agree. 
Disqualified
Red
Understand user vertical
What type of bills do you typically pay with InvoiceCloud?
Tax
Insurance
Utilities
Water
Other
Understand user behavior
How do you typically pay your invoice?
On my computer 
reveal q4
Green
On my mobile device 
reveal q4
Green
Mail a paper check 
skip to Q5
Red
In-person 
skip to q5
Red
By phone 
skip to q5
Red
Ensure that we get feedback from users who have used IC before.
How often do you pay your bill online?
Weekly
Monthly
Every 3 months
Every 6 months
Yearly
Understand user persona
What is your age?
18-24
25-35
35-44
45-54
55-64
65+
Identify non-native English speakers (key persona)
What language do you primarily speak at home?
Optional text box
Allow us to prioritize accessible feedback
Do you have any accessibility needs to pay your invoice?
Yes 
reveal q8
Green
No 
end survey
Red
Prefer not to answer 
end survey
Red
Allow user to share what tools/experience they have to access their bill pay
You can explain your accessibility needs below if you want to.
Optional text box
Schedule
Inform stakeholders of at least three important dates: when recruiting starts, when the study will take place, and when they can expect results. Large research projects require more scheduling details. For example, if the study involves travel, more dates might be required for on-site preparation and meetings or for analysis workshops.
For moderated sessions, recruitment must begin at least one week prior to the beginning of sessions. Remember that participants are busy and need time to be able to fit us into our schedules.
Stage
Date
Status
Recruitment
Dates until slots are full
Complete
Green
 
Sessions
Dates
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Delivery
Date
in progress
Yellow
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Understand user's persona (role, expertise, etc.)
Can you tell us about your role at <company>?
Understand user's persona (role, expertise, etc.)
What’s a typical day look like for you?
Understand product expertise
What’s your experience with the product?
Identify pain points
What challenges have you faced while paying your bill?
Understand how the user is using our product
What ways have you tried to solve the problems?
Understand potential high value solutions
How did that solution work for you?
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3295805452/UX+Research+Plan