Why do we do this?
Our ultimate goal is to place our customers at the center of our product discovery process. These activities are designed to give project teams deeper understanding of the problems we’re solving, and also validate our solutions. When we research and test our solutions, we deliver more impactful results to the market.
Continuous Discovery 
Continuous discovery is an approach to product development that involves regularly engaging with customers to gather feedback and insights throughout the product lifecycle. This method ensures that product teams stay connected with user needs and can make informed decisions based on real-time data.
Activities
What is it
Description
Audience
Software Used
Cadence
System Usability Scale Survey
 (slightly modified)
A widely used questionnaire designed to measure the usability of a product or system.
UX Research Panels (Billers & Payers)
Great Question Survey
Quarterly
User Interviews
1:1 interviews where a designer observes a user’s behavior and asks questions to understand pain points in the product.
UX Research Panels (Billers & Payers)
Great Question Interviews
1 Interview/month
Ad-hoc Surveys 
Small, quick surveys designed to yield an answer to a very specific question. (ex: what does this icon mean to you?)
UX Research Panels (Billers & Payers)
Great Question Survey
As needed
Pendo guide surveys 
Popups/guides presented to users upon the completion of processes, and/or in key areas of the product. Examples:
Payer confirmation screen
Biller dashboard/home
All Billers & Payers
Pendo
Quarterly, run for two weeks
Project Based Discovery & Testing
Project-based UX research involves conducting user experience research within the context of specific projects, typically with defined goals, timelines, and deliverables. This approach is often used to address particular design challenges or to improve specific aspects of a product.
Activities
 
What is it
Description
When in the Project
Owner(s)
User Surveys 
Short surveys intended to gain a deeper understanding of the problem the project team has been charged to solve. Surveys can yield data quickly, but the data can lack depth.
At any point in the project, but generally:
In the beginning, when initial action plans are being executed
When the team requires answers to specific questions to continue in the discovery/development process
Designer & PM
User Interviews
Interviews with the target audience (ex: payers) to gain deeper understanding of the problem to solve and/or witness it in action by observing the interviewee’s actions. Takes longer to yield data, but the data is deeper and has more context.
Beginning of the project, when action plans are being executed 
Designer, PM, Tech Lead
User Testing (Moderated)
Interviews with the target audience/user to test prototypes or the potential solution. In these sessions the user takes control of the screen and walks through the solution while speaking their thoughts and reactions aloud. 
When prototypes are completed
Designer, PM, Tech Lead
User Testing (Unmoderated)
Links to prototypes/potential solutions are sent to users and they are asked to record their screen while completing tasks. Recordings are provided to the team to review results.
When prototypes are completed
Designer
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3756851282/UX+Research+Activities+Overview