Background
There is negative sentiments towards current iconography, which led to the associated content also being evaluated.
Business Problem
The current virtual site landing page has outdated UI that decreases user trust. To drive adoption, this landing page design needs to be updated to emphasize security.
User Problem
The user feedback has indicated a lack of trust in the security of the platform. The user wants to know at a glance that the payment processing product they are using is secure. 
Goals
Conducting the A/B test on the virtual site design options would validate or disprove the need to update the designs and the security implications it would have.
Research Questions
What do people prefer to see before they begin paying their invoice?
Is there a design direction that would drive adoption through improving trust?
Hypothesis
If the UI looks outdated it undermines trust.
So if we present the design options, users will choose the an option as the favorite.
Then we will see that a majority of users will identify a design direction that increases potential adoption and trust by these design updates to the platform.
Methodology
The goal of this section is to briefly inform the stakeholders of what will happen, for how long and where. Below are some of the most common and effective research methods to choose from with sample descriptions. For some studies, one method may be sufficient but other studies may require a combination of methods to answer all the research questions.
A/B testing survey
A one-question survey will be fielded through direct email to our entire existing user base. The survey will take less than three minutes to complete and we expect 1 percent of our users (about 1,000 people) to complete it.
Participants
Provide a list of the primary characteristics of the people you will be recruiting to participate in the study. Have a good reason for each and every characteristic. If you have two participant groups, describe both groups’ characteristics in lists or in a table. Append a draft form that you’ll use to screen participants.
The intent is two-fold:
To be able to segment the panel list by basic demographics for our future studies.
To set a baseline for targeted themes for on the industry standard for SUPR-Q measurement, against which we can compare future measurements. 
If a user drops off at this point, they will be excluded from the panel.
Segmentation Attributes
IC Payer
Targeted Themes
Usability
Credibility (Trust, Value & Comfort) 
NPS (Likelihood to recommend)
Screener
Intent
Question
Options
NDA needs to be present on all screeners
To be considered for the study, you will need to review and agree to the following terms:
InvoiceCloud may share certain information with you which may include, but may not be limited to, the existing and proposed product and services, pricing, technical, developmental, financial, marketing, managerial and other aspects of, and information pertaining to InvoiceCloud and its products and services.
By participating in this program with InvoiceCloud, you agree to the following:
You will not disclose to third parties any information or assets that are shared with you
InvoiceCloud may use any information or assets that are created or shared as part of this engagement for any purpose that InvoiceCloud sees fit, including but not limited to, creating new products, services, and features. InvoiceCloud will not sell information collected about you through this program (such as name, email address) to third parties.
I agree to the terms. 
skip to q2
Green
 
I do not agree. 
Disqualified
Red
Schedule
Stage
Date
Status
Recruitment
Dates until slots are full
in progress
Yellow
 
Survey Running
August 26-30
NOT STARTED
Red
Results Delivery
September 3-4
not started
Red
Script
Use the “Intent” column to make sure that each question has a purpose and can be mapped back to the research goals or questions.
Intent
Question
Understand what design direction drives adoption
Which of these would you be more likely to use to pay (desktop screens)?
Why?
Which of these would you be more likely to use to pay (mobile screens)?
Why?
Understand the user segment
Age (not required):
18-30
30-55
55+
Understand user behavior
How do you typically pay your invoice?
Check
Online
By phone
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/3502669838/VS+Landing+Page+UX+Research+Plan