 Participants
InvoiceCloud
 
WaterOne
Kathie Martin (and her support team)
Goals
Review of WaterOne’s products, operations, & usage
Review of what work well works / what works well / questions
Summary
 
POSITIVE - 
Very happy with InvoiceCloud, Our product has simplified their processes and drastically reduced the number of walk ins for making payments.  They’ve been with us about 5 years and this was a huge game changer for them in a positive way! 
 
USER FRIENDLY
- The ladies in the office mentioned they often have challenges with adjusting to new system enhancements, but they felt like InvoiceCloud was easy from day 1. Our platform is very user friendly and easy to navigate.  
 
HAPPY WITH SUPPORT
. They love working with AJ. Kathie mentioned that he is extremely responsive and gets issues resolved quickly.  
 Discussion topics
Item
Notes
Adoption Rate
There is an opportunity to increase adoption by migrating their auto pay billers to paperless. I shared the process with them and the potential cost savings of about $1300 per year and they are interested in exploring this. AJ will be contacting them to follow up. 
Outbound Campaign
Water1 currently uses their website and Facebook account to post messages about boil notices and relies on their bill for disconnection notices. They feel the outbound campaign could bring value to them. AJ will be following up. 
Reconciliation 
They experience occasional issues with their reconciliation. They shared 2 examples where their batch was off by 1 transaction. For example, it was listed in today’s batch but really should have been part of the following days batch. They manually track this. I visited mid-month and they had experienced 2 instances so far. We are working on some additional investigation to understand how common this challenge is across billers. It's not a significant pain point as they have a manual process to manage this. 
IVR 
They currently use our IVR and experience issues from time to time. Kathie wasn’t sure if the issue is on our end of if the issue is with their phone company. They have experienced some issues with their phone company in the past and she mentioned their phone set up is complex so she is leaning towards it being an issue with the phone company. She mentioned it to see if there is any reporting, we can check on our end. 
From time to time, there seems to be a hiccup with the IVR. Payers attempt to enter their account number thru the IVR but it does not recognize the account number and transfers them to the office to make a payment. When this happens, there is typically an influx of calls that come thru and then it resolves itself. IVR reporting to be able to identify trends would be very helpful. 
OBD Issues 
They currently use OBD thru their bank (US Bank). They scan their checks and the lady who works this process explained that she has anxiety each time she completes this process because she wants to make sure everything is done correctly. They scan checks and then manually match them to accounts in their system. Our OBD automatch option would likely help in this case - the only concern they may have is they are currently partnered with their local bank. 
 Action items




91


complete


Connecting with AJ to discuss outbound campaigns, increase options and plant the seed for OBD. 






104


complete


Work with DB to understand how wide spread the reconciliation batch issue is. 








105


complete


Submitted request for data 




 Decisions
c2a23a93-ea00-4fa2-a179-1032d415efb2
7d1bbeef-4267-4360-aab5-8b320832b35c
DECIDED
No outstanding decisions to be made. It was a very productive visit and they were pleased that we took the time to stop by. 
No outstanding decisions to be made. It was a very productive visit and they were pleased that we took the time to stop by. 
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/2811035649/WaterOne+August+16th+2023+Meeting+Notes