Retro Date
9/19/2024
Team
We’ll Do It Live! (Team 5)
Participants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Retrospective
Add your Start doing, Stop doing, and Keep doing items to the table below. We'll use these to talk about how we can improve our process going forward.
 
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Adding more detailed comments in Jira with explanations of the development history of the item (things to look forward, extra items that need to go out and why if possible)
Testing mobile, iframe, noniframe, and different browsers
SauceLabs is a great resource for this
Did we lost some saucelabs
 functionality?
Not that I know of
Adding all xray titles/scenarios in Grooming so nothing is missed
Asking Gile for a new label on the Jira items to show who the manual tester was? +1
Push for an early release to preview +1
Changing items AC while Im OOO +1
Bringing in ungroomed items
Rushing items before FTO or while on FTO
Rushing items through the approval process +1
Keep working hard! +!Pushin
Keep closing items!
Moving chainzzzzz⛓️⛓️
Automating items! 
  + 1
Documentation work
going to Peer Code Review
Keep rocking the monthly review results
Terrifier 3 is out Oct. 11 - 
Haven’t seen the other 2.
My daughter just started watching them
I love those movies lol
GO Saints!
BIG win against Dallas last weekend!
I heard 🙄
Halloween is almost here!
Does anybody have their costumes already?
I don’t -Kate
TNF tonight! 🔥
Don’t forget  to add more music to the WDIL Spotify playlist!
Can I get a link to the playlist?
We'll Do It Live! - playlist by nortonbw | Spotify
Watched the new Alien movie recently. It was pretty good lol
1-10?
like an 8 if you like the Alien movies especially the first one I think you should watch
Keep riding so much you need a splint for your throttle hand
 
Action items
Add 1-2 follow-up action items to help the team apply what they learned in the retro:
Team to start adding comments to summarize critical discussion/decision points in the Jira ticket.




5


5


incomplete


The developer who worked on an item should take ownership to make sure that the scope of testing is updated based on the dev work and also based on other related PRs or changes that may have happened recently. 






6


6


incomplete






7


7


incomplete




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/3569353204/WDIL+Retrospective+-+9+19+2024