Retro Date
 
Team
We’ll Do It Live! (Team 5)
Participants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Guidelines
Don’t make it personal and don’t take it personally
Listen with an open mind
Everyone’s experience is valid
Focus on improvement, not placing blame
 
Start doing
Stop doing
Keep doing
Random Thoughts/Music Request
Have everyone in the team automating items
Review previous automation prs to help us learn
Add automation PRs to items
Invite Data Services to internal meetings
Review Technical Design docs (
if available in Confluence
) for insight/context
Integration Summary area in the CRM too
Driving items to the finish line
Small Github copilot learning sessions after short stand ups
Keep stand up concise, Parking Lot Items for issues/questions etc
Upload manual testing videos to item (Developer or manual tester)
include SP and table names in the Jira items
automation test videos too?
While estimation add efforts for Manual testing before starting automation for better efficiency
Splitting out scope creep
One area of improvement is ensuring that we spend enough time solutioning and grooming before development begins. This will help ensure we have a clear and well-understood approach before starting dev, ultimately leading to more efficient and high-quality deliverables.
Closing items!
Working hard!
Splitting the work with subtasks to better manage the workload
Extra grooming time
Pregrooming
Grooming/Retrospective/ any important meeting at 7:30 IST for active participation
Thunderbolts this weekend!
Kurt Cobain gone too soon... 💔
Go Saints! 
 
They had a solid draft
Looking forward to this season! 🔥
Any movie/TV show recommendations?
Better Call Saul was pretty good
Add some Linkin Park to the team playlist 
 
TGIF!
Action items
Add 1-2 follow-up action items to help the team apply what they learned in the retro:




22


22


incomplete


 help narrow down root cause for: Limit the amount of rounds of reviewing, add all comments/issues in a single round if possible to avoid ping pong +1






19


19


incomplete


Postman workspace






20


20


incomplete


 and 
 get with QA to set up environments for the team for automation






23


35da9bf7-eeee-473a-84de-298c4438d5e9


incomplete


Whole team- are we uploading videos/DB etc for testing






24


12ac55db-81e2-4bcd-b44d-de0c76d8873a


incomplete


 What is the best place to store linked items that are too big for Jira to upload?




 URL:/spaces/PE/pages/4267933698/WDIL+Sprint+12+Retro