What’s required for a web server at Invoice Cloud?
Notes & Uncertainties
Web application deployment pipelines will create directories and bind virtual apps to them during deployment but will not create the virtual apps themselves. They virtual applications need to exist in IIS before we run app deployment pipelines.
We don’t have deployment pipelines for the full web application inventory that should run on these servers
We don’t even have repos for all of them. See 
IIS Configuration
 
Don’t think we have a mechanism for deploying IIS sites (as opposed to virtual applications)
We’re taking this opportunity to give each web application its own app pool. We should also take the opportunity to move the web apps to the E: drive
Need to take further action to look in depth at each Windows feature and decide whether to enable or disable it
The current plan does not call for web servers to be added to legacy deployment groups. If we stick to it, this will ensure that only new YAML pipelines are used for deployments going forward
See 
Windows Server Build Baseline - Instructions by Step
 for details on the server build process that our new Packer/Ansible combo will replace
Important Note!
 All of these items, even ones designated 
Pre-Provisioning
, will at least need to be able to be upgraded using Ansible in order to maintain our servers over time. This is not needed immediately but is critical unless we decide to start moving toward 
the Server-as-a-Container model
.
As I consider it, we may want to use Ansible during the Packer build rather than simply running PowerShell scripts. This will give us the consistency if, for example, we decide to include a new third-party application in the image after an initial set of servers have already been deployed. In that case, we’d be able to run the same Playbook during the Packer build (which will install the application in the image to be included in future web servers) as well as the existing servers.
Content
1
true
Deprecated
No more ADDS!
 Hopefully, at least. We’re pretty sure we don’t actually need it.
The following are installed on some or all of our current web servers, but will not be included on new servers.
Office 2007
old versions of dotnet (both core and framework)
References
Web Application Registry - Engineering Documentation - Confluence
 URL:/spaces/platform/pages/3937861635/Web+Server+BOM