none
Change Log
Change Details
Date
Author
Version
Description
 
Martha Greer
Document uploaded
note
Overview


Overview


The purpose of this document is to provide useful tips to Billers, CIS and Engagement platform vendors about best practices when a Biller installs a new CIS and hence new account numbers to customers are issued.
 
Facts:
New and final account numbers are issued by the CIS system only a few days (1-2-3) prior to go-live. Therefore, it is not possible to communicate to customers in advance what the new account number is.
Go-live with the new vendors (CIS, InvoiceCloud, etc.,) may take place in the middle of a billing cycle. As a result, customers with the old account number will attempt to pay their bill online and fail as the new CIS does not have it and nor does InvoiceCloud.
Customers must be notified of their new account numbers as soon as those are available. Some customers can be reached via email, but some can only be reached by mail.
A plan to communicate new account numbers must be coordinated between vendors and the Biller to ensure alignment and minimize calls to the biller.
 
Action plan:
Proactively send bill 
inserts
 announcing that “coming soon” there will be a new system in place to pay bills and a new account number.  Just bring awareness.
After go-live, and as soon as the new account numbers are available, send a 
letter
 to all customers informing them of their new account number.
After go-live or as soon as new account numbers are available in the CIS, InvoiceCloud can send an 
email blast
 to all customers who have an email address informing them of:
Old account number
New account number
Address (So they can identify the property)
Name
Etc.,
InvoiceCloud can set up “
One Time Payment” screens
 such that customers can 
search
 their bills using name and address.  If an account number is required, many customers will try to search using the old account number.  This is a “temporary” set up for the first 2-3 weeks after go-live to minimize impact to customers and reduce call volume.  After the initial 2-3 weeks InvoiceCloud can change the search back such that the account number is required.
Staff Customer Service Call Center accordingly as call volume will increase at go-live. Even with proactive emails and inserts, some customers will call asking for the new account number.
Note: Some Billers designate one phone number in their office to accept these calls for 2-3 weeks after go-live. They usually put a note in their website: “If you do not know your new account number, call xxx-xxx-xxxx.”
 
Bank Bill Pay (Online Bank Direct)
. A special process is required to update the new account numbers in the Bank Bill Pay Network. Please discuss this topic with your Implementation Manager in advance.
 URL:/spaces/Implementa/pages/3081928725/What+to+do+when+new+account+numbers+are+issued+at+Go-Live