none
Vanilla React vs React + Framework
The
 React docs
: 
“If you want to build a new app or website with React, we recommend starting with a framework.”
Previously
:
“You can use React without a framework, however we’ve found that most apps and sites eventually build solutions to common problems such as code-splitting, routing, data fetching, and generating HTML. These problems are common to all UI libraries, not just React.
By starting with a framework, you can get started with React quickly, and avoid essentially building your own framework later.”
Without a framework we would need to configure a lot from scratch: a bundler, transpiler, typescript support, routing, file-based routing, nested routing, protected routes, route layouts, code splitting, env management, hot module reloading, data-fetching, etc.
One small example of trying to build a custom framework
.
Modern.js
Knowing that we are set on utilizing 
module federation
 and having spent time testing out some of the other frameworks firsthand, we landed on 
Modern.js
 because the other frameworks do not support module federation well. Modern.js supports this out of the box in a very easy to use way.
The creator of module federation, Zack Jackson, also personally recommended it for use with module federation.
It is remix (react-router) based under the hood and utilizes 
rspack
 which is quite a bit faster than webpack.
Why not Next.js or Remix?
After testing Next.js we discovered Next.js support for module-federation is deprecated and has an uncertain future
 Maintenance mode: deprecation notice: 
https://github.com/module-federation/core/issues/3153
Potential
 renewed support from Vercel team (Next.js) and Zack Jackson, MF inventor/main contributor 
https://x.com/ScriptedAlchemy/status/1866242658680832206
After testing Remix, which is actually just 
React Router v7
 now, it was very painful development process to try to get module federation working and we were not successful. This isn’t to say it couldn’t eventually be done but:
Modern.js worked with module-federation out of the box very easily and also using RRv7 under the hood.
React apps in the wild
While we weren’t able to determine if any of our direct competitors are using a framework to scale and build we found it helpful to look at a few of the major companies:
Meta uses internal frameworks like Relay alongside sophisticated build systems
Airbnb, Netflix, and Shopify leverage Next.js for their customer-facing applications
Microsoft uses various React frameworks for different products
Amazon utilizes Next.js for many of their customer-facing web applications
Walmart has adopted Next.js for their e-commerce platform
TikTok uses Remix and Next.js for various web properties
The New York Times employs Next.js for their digital publishing platform
Twitch leverages React frameworks for their streaming interface
PayPal uses Next.js for their payment systems
Atlassian uses custom React frameworks
HBO Max/Max built their streaming platform with Next.js
Hulu uses React frameworks for their user interface
 URL:/spaces/PRODUCT/pages/4290248766/Why+the+Modern.js+Framework