3
3
false
list
false
This article contains information on the currently deployed Windows Jumpboxes within each 
Environment
.
Jumpboxes cannot communicate across 
Regions
 for Security and DNS concerns. To access resources in a specific Region you must be on a Jumpbox located within that Region.
NonProd Jumpboxes
The Jumpboxes in the NonProd Network Lane have connectivity to both the Sandbox and DevTest Private Resources. There is only one Region in NonProd.
Primary Region: 
vm0-pri-windowjbx2qtqf-sbx
: 10.152.5.10
vm1-pri-windowjbx2pslo-sbx
: 10.152.5.8
Production Jumpboxes
The Jumpboxes in the Production Network Lane only have connectivity to Production Private Resources. There are 2 Regions in Production, with a Linux Jumpbox in each Region.
Primary Region: 
vm0-pri-windowjbx2mxvh
: 10.211.5.6
Secondary Region: 
vm0-sec-windowjbx2rfhh
: 10.212.5.6
Access via Azure AD Groups
Membership in the following Azure AD Groups will grant you access to the Jumpboxes.
Sandbox and DevTest: 
windows-jumpbox-users-sbx
Production: 
windows-jumpbox-users
User Login
If the User is in one of the 
Azure Active Directory Groups mentioned in the parent article
, then the User can login into a Windows Jumpbox by first connecting to the Barracuda VPN on the Users local machine and then using the Windows Remote Desktop application and providing the Jumpboxes Private IP Address as listed above.  When authenticating to the Jumpbox for the first time, the User should select the “Use a different account” option and then use their InvoiceCloud email address and prefix the email address with “AzureAD\” as shown below.
Auto Shutoff
Each Jumpbox is currently scheduled to automatically shut off at 7 PM eastern time each day as a cost saving and security measure.  If this schedule needs to change due to new usage patterns, let Michael Griehm (
mgriehm@invoicecloud.com
) know and adjustments can be made.
Starting
The Jumpboxes are automatically started at 8 AM eastern time each weekday.
If this schedule needs to change due to new usage patterns, let Michael Griehm (
mgriehm@invoicecloud.com
) know and adjustments can be made.
To start a Jumpbox if it is in a Stopped state, run one of the commands shown below.
bash
az account set -s "Sandbox"

az vm start -g rg-pri-hub2-sbx -n vm0-pri-windows-jumpbox-sbx

az account set -s "Enterprise Prod"

az vm start -g rg-pri-hub2 -n vm0-pri-windows-jumpbox2gmus

az vm start -g rg-sec-hub2 -n vm0-sec-windows-jumpbox2mwts
Software Installed
Chrome
Chocolatey
Azure CLI
Git
Firefox
Postman
Postman CLI
 URL:/spaces/icinfradoc/pages/2578055169/Windows+Jumpboxes